[Intro]
Death Row
That's where mothafuckas is endin' up

[Verse 1]
Dear Mama, I'm caught up in this sickness
I robbed my adversaries but slipped and left a witness
Wonder if they'll catch me or will this nigga snitch?
Should I shoot his bitch or make the nigga rich?
Don't wanna commit murder, but damn, they got me trapped
Hawkin' while I'm walkin' and talkin' behind my back
I'm kind of schizophrenic, I'm in this shit to win it
‘Cause life's a Wheel of Fortune, here's my chance to spin it
Got no time for cops who trip and try to catch me
Too fuckin' trigger-happy to let them suckers snatch me
Niggas gettin' jealous, tryin' to find my stash
Whip out the 9, now imma dime off yo' ass
Peter picked a pepper, but I can pick a punk
Snatched him like a bitch and threw him in the trunk
The punk thought I was bluffin', but swear I'm nothin' nice
Before I take your life, first wrestle with these mites
I listened to his screams until he went insane
I guess the little mites had finally found his brain
New Rovers pull me over, I'm sentenced to the pen
Remember that little bird? He snitched and told a friend
It's trouble on my mind, I'm with the old-timers
And fuck five-0! Blaow, blaow! Turn 'em into forty-niners

[Hook]
Bye bye, I was never meant to live
Can't be positive when the ghetto's where you live
Bye bye, I was never meant to be
Livin' like a thief, runnin' through the streets
Bye bye, and I got no place to go
Where they find me; 16 on Death Row

[Verse 2]
Dear Mama, these cops don't understand me
I turned to a life of crime ‘cause I came from a broken family
My uncle used to touch me, I never told you that
Scared what you might do, I couldn't hold you back
I kept it deep inside, I done let it fuel my anger
I'm down for all my homies, no mercy for a stranger
The brother in my cell is 16 as well
It's hard to adapt when you're black
And you're trapped in a living hell
I shouldn't have let him catch me
Instead of livin' sad in jail I coulda died free and happy
And my cellmate's raped on the norm
And passed around the dorm
You can hear his asshole gettin' torn
They made me an animal
Can't sleep, instead of countin' sheep, niggas countin' cannibals
And that's how it is in the pen
Turn old and cold and your soul is your best friend
My mama, pray for me
Tell the Lord to make way for me, prepare any day for me
(Why?) ‘Cause when they come for me they find a struggler
To the death I take the breath from your jugular
The trick is to never lose hope
I found my buddy hangin' dead from a rope; 16 on Death Row

[Hook]
Bye bye, I was never meant to live
Can't be positive when the ghetto's where you live
Bye bye, I was never meant to be
Livin' like a thief, runnin' through the streets
Bye bye, and I got no place to go
Where they find me; 16 on Death Row

[Verse 3]
Dear Mama, they sentenced me to death
Today's my final day, I'm countin' every breath
I'm bitter ‘cause I'm dyin', so much I haven't seen
I know you never dreamed your baby would be dead at 16
I got beef with a sick society
That doesn't give a shit and they too quick to say goodbye to me
They tell me the preacher's there for me
He's a crook with a book, that mothafucka never cared for me
He's only here to be sure I don't drop a dime to God
About the crimes he's committin' on the poor
And how can these people judge me?
They ain't my peers, and in all these years they ain't never love me
I never got to be a man
Must be part of some big plan to keep a nigga in the state pen
And to my homies out buryin' mothafuckas
Steer clear of these Aryan mothafuckas
‘Cause once they got you locked up
They got you trapped, you're better off gettin' shot up
I'm convinced, self-defense is the way
Please stay strapped, pack a gat every day
I wish I woulda known while I was out there
Now I'm straight headin' for the chair

[Hook]
Bye bye, I was never meant to live
Can't be positive when the ghetto's where you live
Bye bye, I was never meant to be
Livin' like a thief, runnin' through the streets
Bye bye, and I got no place to go
Where they find me; 16 on Death Row

[Outro]
16 on Death Row, Death Row
Death Row, Death Row
16 on Death Row, Death Row, Death Row
It's to all my partners
In the penitentiaries; 16 on Death RowWoman – Sir, will you raise your right hand, please? Do you swear and confirm that the testimony that you are about to give is the truth, nothing but the truth, the whole truth?

2Pac – I do

Police – Could you please state your full name for the record?

2Pac – Yes, 2Pac Amaru Shakur

Police – What is your age and resident address?

2Pac – I just turned 24 on the 16th of June. I live in Decatur, Georgia

Police – How did you get interested in music?

2Pac – I started off with poetry, with writing poetry

Police – Junior High, High School?

2Pac – Yes, Junior High, High School

2Pac – And poets I saw when I looked on the Webs*, I did that personally, but then I started turning poetry into songs and I got more attention

Police – How did you get into rap?

2Pac – It’s of my opinion that I was rapping while I was writing poetry..

Police – Okay

2Pac – and so I was into rap, I guess you could say from Junior High, when I wrote my first poems. And after I heard on the radio that there were other poets, who were making records and they were selling and it was working, that’s when I decided to change the method of my poetry

Police – How do you define rap? What constitutes rap?

2Pac – That’s what it is to me: poetry. To me it’s story-telling poetry

Police – To music, music with a beat?

2Pac – With or without music you cannot define rap

Police – But it goes, it has sometimes a beat, a tune to it, doesn’t it, even if it hasn’t got accompaniment to it?

2Pac – No, even a pentameter is rap. It’s how you write it, the structure, it depends how you write it, and as to whether it has a beat, I guess it won’t sell as much if you don’t have a beat; the beat is more of a selling tool

Police – Now, you were performing by the time you did your solo-album what people call “gangsta rap”.,

2Pac – No

Police – You were not?

2Pac – No!

Police – What would you call what you were performing?

2Pac – Rap music!

Police – Have you ever performed gangsta rap?

2Pac – No!

Police – Okay, and why would you say that?

2Pac – Because, Number One, I do not know what “gangsta rap”, is, number two, I would not classify what my music is as gangsta rap

Police – Have you heard the term?

2Pac – A lot!

Police – Okay

Police – The next statement is a “Victim for Real” : “I really got my ass beat, I really don’t like police”

2Pac – I didn’t say that. Where were you at right there? Oh, there. I didn’t say that: that’s not what it says…It says: “I’m a victim for real, everything I talk is for real, I really got my ass beat, I really don’t like …” The interviewer wrote POLICE

Police – Did you mean ””?

2Pac – No

Police – What did you mean?

2Pac – I really don’t like “crooked police”

Police – Okay. So you feel okay about other police?

2Pac – Feel okay?

Police – You like other police?

2Pac – I like everybody that just does their job; I mean it depends on, I don’t know…. Personally, if I meet someone that is kind-hearted*, that’s true and that’s fair, then I like them, especially in a position like that, when a person has to put their life on line*, and they can still be fair to everybody they meet, I definitely like them, and I admire that..

Police – Are you aware of any others who had shot a policeman, especially teenagers who shot policemen after listening..

Lawyer – “after ALLEGEDLY listening”

Police – That’s right, “after allegedly listening”: they said they were listening to your music

2Pac – NO

Police – and that’s what caused them to do it..

2Pac – But none of them said this until you guys started saying this, they put it all over the news and had Danny Quayle* say it..

Police – I’m asking you, are you aware of any others?

2Pac – No, NO!

Police – When did you first start getting fan-mail? Remember what year?

2Pac – No, I don’t

Police – I hear you said you also received unfavourable mail?

2Pac – Yeah, like this! I got a lot of mail from you’all..

Police – From fans?

2Pac – No! From “you’all”: YOU guys, the lawyers… lawsuits*

Police – What else, did you receive unfavourable mail?

2Pac – In my whole career I believe I got 5 pieces of hate mail. Of all of the mail I’ve ever gotten, I’ve gotten only about 5 pieces, maximum

Police – And did you respond to that?

2Pac – I responded to your hate mail..

Police – Have you ever used illegal drugs?

2Pac – Marijuana, yes

Police – Any others?

2Pac – No!

Police – How often have you used marijuana?

2Pac – In my whole life? At what point in my life?

Police – Let’s say from 17 on ?

Lawyer – I’m going to instruct the witness* not to talk about any use of or possession of illegal substances: I don’t believe that is relevant to this: He’s admitted he used it

Police – I think it’s absolutely relevant. You’re trying to make him out to be a choir boy* and I’m trying to see what he’s really done

Lawyer – I haven’t made him out to be anything

2Pac – You’re trying to make me out to be a devil!

Police – Was it your intention to try to get young black people to be violent to police?

2Pac – No

Police – Were you trying to provoke anybody to do anything particular? Were you trying to provoke or to make people to do things?

2Pac – Yes!

Police – Tell us what!

2Pac – Think! Use your head!2 me your name alone is poetry
I barely know u and already
I can't explain this feeling I feel
4 APRIL

I want 2 c u from the moment
u leave my side till the moment u return
My nonchalant cold heart finally has eyes only
4 APRIL

So now I risk it all
Just 4 the feeling of joy u bring me
I accept the ridicule
in exchange for the words u share with me
All of this & much more I will do
4 APRILJust when I thought I'd seen it all
our paths crossed and met
and I Knew from the First glance
that u would be hard 2 4get
your eyes attracted me First
but you reeked of sultry confidence
I couldn't wait 2 touch lips
and kiss with my Heart's intentions
when we did it was what I expected
and 4 that moment we erased the tension
of the awkwardness of First Date Jitters
and the initial Blind Date First impressions
we kissed again and I felt the passion
and this was CUPID's blessingJust when I thought I'd seen it all
our paths crossed and met
and I knew from the First glance
that u would be hard 2 4get
your eyes attracted me First
but you reeked of sultry confidence
I couldn't wait 2 touch lips
and kiss with my Heart's intentions
when we did it was what I expected
and 4 that moment we erased the tension
of the awkwardness of First Date Jitters
and the initials Blind Date First impressions
we kissed again and I felt the passion
and This was CUPID'S Blessing[Intro: 2Pac & Snoop Doggy Dogg]
Up out of there
Ain't nothin' but a gangsta party
Eh, light that up, Snoop! Why you actin' like that?
Ahh shit, you done fucked up now
(Ain't nothin' but a gangsta party)
You done put two of America's most wanted
In the same motherfuckin' place at the same motherfuckin' time?
(Ain't nothin' but a gangsta party)
Ha, ha, ha, ha, y'all niggas about to feel this
(Ain't nothin' but a gangsta party)
Break out the champagne glasses and the motherfuckin' condoms
Have one on us, a'ight?
(Ain't nothin' but a gangsta party)
A toast to the gangsters

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Picture perfect, I paint a perfect picture
Bomb the hoochies with precision, my intention's to get richer
With the S-N double-O-P, Dogg, my fuckin' homie
You's a cold-ass nigga on them hogs

[Verse 2: Snoop Doggy Dogg]
Sure 'nough, I keep my hand on my gun
'Cause they got me on the run
Now I'm back in the courtroom, waitin' on the outcome
"Free 2Pac" is all that's on a nigga's mind
But at the same time, it seems they tryin' to take mine
So I'ma get smart and get defensive and shit
And put together a Million March for some gangsta shit

[Verse 3: 2Pac]
So now they got us laced
Two multi-millionaire motherfuckers catchin' cases
Bitches get ready for the throw down, the shit's about to go down
Me and Snoop about to clown
I'm losin' my religion, I'm vicious on these stool pigeons
You might be deep in this game, but you got the rules missin'
Niggas be actin' like they savage, they out to get the cabbage
I've got nothin' but love for my niggas livin' lavish

[Verse 4: Snoop Doggy Dogg]
I've got a pit named Petey, she Nigerina
I've got a house out in the hills right next to Chino
And I think I've got a black Bimmer
But my dream is to own a fly casino
Like Bugsy Siegel, and do it all legal
And get scooped up by the little homie in the Regal
It feels good to you, baby-bubba
You see, this is for the G's and the keys, motherfucker

[Verse 5: 2Pac]
Now follow as we ride
Motherfuck the rest, two of the best from the Westside
And I can make you famous
Niggas been dyin' for years, so how could they blame us?
I live in fear of a felony
I never stop bailin' these motherfuckin' G's
If you got it, better flaunt it
Another warrant, two of America's most wanted

[Chorus: Daz Dillinger & 2Pac]
Ain't nothin' but a gangsta party
Ain't nothin' but a gangsta party
(Nothin' but a gangsta party)
Ain't nothin' but a gangsta party
(Nothin' but a gangsta party
It ain't nothin' but a motherfuckin' gangsta party)
Ain't nothin' but a gangsta party
(Nothin' but a gangsta party
It ain't nothin' but a motherfuckin' gangsta party)
Ain't nothin' but a gangsta party

[Verse 6: 2Pac]
Now give me fifty feet
Defeat is not my destiny, release me to the streets
And keep whatever's left of me
Jealousy is misery, sufferin' is greed
Better be prepared when you cowards fuck with me
I bust and flee, these niggas must be crazy, what?
There ain't no mercy motherfuckers who can't fade the thugs
You thought it was, but it wasn't, now disappear
Bow down in the presence of a boss player

[Verse 7: Snoop Doggy Dogg]
It's like Cuzz, Blood, gang-bangin'
Everybody in the party doin' dope-slangin'
You gotta have papers in this world
You might get your first snatch before your eyes swirl
You doin' your job every day
And then you work so hard 'til your hair turns gray
Let me tell you 'bout life and 'bout the way it is
You see, we live by the gun, so we die by the guns, kids

[Verse 8: 2Pac]
They tell me not to roll with my Glock
So now I got a throw-away
Floatin' in the black Benz (Bitch), tryin' to do a show a day
They wonder how I live with five shots
Niggas is hard to kill on my block
Schemes for currency and dough-related
Affiliated with the hustlers, so we made it
No answers to questions, I'm tryin' to get up on it
My nigga Dogg wit' me, eternally the most wanted

[Chorus: Daz Dillinger & 2Pac]
Ain't nothin' but a gangsta party
Ain't nothin' but a gangsta party
Ain't nothin' but a gangsta party
Ain't nothin' but a gangsta party
(Nothin' but a gangsta party
It ain't nothin' but a motherfuckin' gangsta party)
Ain't nothin' but a gangsta party
(Nothin' but a gangsta party
It ain't nothin' but a motherfuckin' gangsta party)
Ain't nothin' but a gangsta party
(Nothin' but a gangsta party
It ain't nothin' but a motherfuckin' gangsta party)
Ain't nothin' but a gangsta party
(Nothin' but a gangsta party
It ain't nothin' but a motherfuckin' gangsta party)
Ain't nothin' but a gangsta party

[Outro: 2Pac]
Bitch! Where you at? Where you at?
Ain't nothin' but a gangsta party
Yeah, Death RowThere were 2 people with one wish
2 Live a Life filled with LOVE
2 GOD they would pray that 2gether they'd stay
under the stars above
But someone else made a wish
at the same time on the same breath
And although the wish 4 love was granted
So was this evil wish 4 Death
Now I make a wish
sealed with tears and laughter
It is my wish that these 2 loves
R reunited in the hereafter[2Pac]
Haha, aight
Storm, motherfuckers
Ain't really knowin' if you can flow or not
So, do this shit like last time

[Verse 1]

[2Pac]
Holler my name, nigga, you ridin' to scream
Must be a thug with a heart to be a part of my team
It seems we got a problem
We ain't lettin' no women and the feminine side
Has been denied time to give 'em a try

[Storm]
Finally made it, now focus
Now who the dopest?
The brothers or the sisters
I agree, it's a man's world, but why must niggas diss us
I ain't tryin' to hear it, witness my thug spirit

[2Pac]
They keep on screamin' 'bitches'

[Storm]
'Cause niggas love to hear it
Called on my dawgs, 'cause they rowdy then a motherfucker
I love you niggas like brothers, but don't fuck with me

[2Pac]
Oh bad now, look what we got
Miss Billy Badass runnin' round, packin' double Glocks, uh
So all you niggas be warned
From the dusk til the dawn
We might trip, but I dare you tricks to fuck around with Storm
We Outlawz
I said it and meant it
And when you see me live on TV
It's strictly representin'
Now, let me hear you scream

[Hook]

[2Pac]
This is for my niggas
Only for my niggas
For my niggas
Let me see you throw your hands up

[Storm]
This is for my sistas
Only for my sistas
For my sistas
Let me see you throw your hands up

Verse 2

[2Pac]
Now when I say Pig
You say B-I-G
When I say Bad Boy killer
Then you say me
When I say Puffy is a punk, you scream word on my life
I wrote this shit while fuckin' Big's wife

[Storm]
Now I been told that Lil Kim thinks she hot

[2Pac]
She not

[Storm]
Better get that additude adjusted 'fore I mash your spot

[2Pac]
Plus now Da Brat's trippin'

[Storm]
Must want an ass whippin'

[2Pac & Storm]
We be the first ones to fuck with you and Bad Boy, weak bitch

[2Pac]
Bustin' through Brooklyn, lickin' my shots to Queens
'Cause I'm lookin' for Little Shawn, that bitch ass fiend
I made him scream like last year
Best don't come to California, we don't want your busta ass here

[Storm]
We outlaw, ryders, thugs til we die
Sistas get they groove on

[2Pac and Storm]
Niggas gettin' high

[2Pac]
Call me a motherfuckin' troublemaker
Send me to jail
But watch me bust on LL
Now let me hear you scream

[Hook] (x3)

[2Pac]
This is for the riders
Only for the riders
For the riders
Let me see you throw your hands up

[Storm]
This is for the riders
Only for the riders
For the riders
Let me see you throw your hands up

[2Pac]
This is for the bitches
Only for the bitches
For the bitches
Let me see you throw your hands up

[Storm]
This is for them bustas
Only for them bustas
For them bustas
Let me see you throw your hands up

[2Pac]
This is for my niggas
Only for my sistas
For my riders
Let me see you throw your hands up

[2Pac]
Look at it, did it
We up outta here
2Pac and Storm
Outlaw Immortalz
Death Row, west side
THUG LIFE, beyatch...[Intro: 2Pac & Stretch]
(Laughs) We're going platinum nigga, we going platinum
Yeah, you got the Live Squad in this motherfucker
We get my nigga Treach from Naughty By Nature up in this motherfucker
My nigga Apache up in this motherfucker

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
My Mossberg goes boom, gimme room, can I catch it
Talkin' quicker then a vic that's tryin' to keep from gettin' blasted
I had enough I put a hit upon them bastards
Boo-yaa, turn this Benz into a casket
Now they after me, prowling for a niggas bucks
Time to see, who's the G, with the bigger nuts
Buck buck, big up and livin' reckless
Niggas with a death wish step in with a TEC and I'll wet this
Yeah this shit is hyper
True to what I'm writing, representing and I'm striking like a viper
Huh, I got my mind made up, I got my nine
Ring the alarm, and strong arm what's mine
Some niggas need to feel me with a passion
I'm old fashioned, run up on me, nigga, and get blasted
With five deadly venomz

[Bridge]
(Yeah 'Pac, fuck that, still hittin' 'em up with
That old deadly shit. Aiyyo Treach where you at?
Step up and hit they ass up with the wickedness)

[Verse 2: Treach]
We come to hit you with a sock full of Brooklyn
To the Onyx of your nose, punk is funky like skunk blunts
Stunk like funk cunt
I come to take you on a war rough and rugged route
And if another doubts I blow your fuckin' mother out
And after she's crossed out
I shout, "I'm de MC wit de nasty mouf!" and kick the bitch out
Sue me? I pay the lawyer for ya oh boy yeah
Plus my style's ten to twenty fuckin' pounds more
I take you quicker than a picture of a punk ya pickin' shit
Pickin' pockets with a razor stoppin' Russian rockets
Not shoplift, I'm liftin' shop
Once you sound hot, 'cause if you ain't a perfect ten
My sign is stop!
It's twenty mother-crooked-fuckin' styles in 'em
Like women I did 'em I'm in for deadly ready venom

[Verse 3: Stretch]
Yeah, as I take a puff I get rough, Big Mad
To put it on, can't none come tougher see
I'm down with the sound of the Squad hard, boom!
Breakin' 'em down, I make 'em see their doom
Coming straight from the dome where I roam it's a job to
Rob and steal and runnin' from the coppers
Who hold a, boulder, turn the gun controller
Started from a punk now to be a high roller
Youngest, reckless, crazy, disaster
MAC-11 blaster, and I run faster
Than a lot of cops I can't be stopped till my head gets popped
A lot of fuckin' bodies will drop
It's a disaster, I'm coming for the blood splatter
I make 'em scatter, leavin' trails of brains and bladders
Blowin' 'em out the frame with no shame
Game tight, drop a body then get out of sight
Count my loot after I shoot, leave my kicks up and it's
Something I don't wanna do, something that I never did
I try to get him, I think I hit 'em, I lit him
He's out! A poison, a deadly venom

[Bridge]
(Yeah Mad, fuck that! You know how we do
KnowhatI'msayin? Squad in effect, YG'z in effect
Now you know a nigga like me gotta represent)

[Verse 4: Majestic]
Once again, back to rip shit, quick on the flip tip
The psycho, represent the real to take the mic flow
Deadly, rock a head G, check the melody
Niggas can't touch me when I wreckin' G you better flee
'Cause I'm gifted with a jab and a forty-four Mag
So nigga flip or take a trip in a body bag
Uhh, boom you slipped up, now you're zipped up
Yeah one more statistic, fronted and got ripped up
No joke, you be yolk, no matter how it sound
We're taking all fake niggas back to the stomping grounds
Line 'em up single file, dome runnin' in 'em
A nigga hit 'em with the venom, the fourth deadly venom

[Bridge]
(Nigga, yaknowhatI'msayin? Fuck that!
I told you, we takin' over, yo 'Pac.)

[Verse 5: 2Pac]
Five deadly venomz verse five be the livest
Strugglin' and strive, keep a nine in my waistline
Take mine, you better bury me, G
Punk ass niggas don't even worry me, see
I got a Glock that say 'Pac run the block
Fuck the cops 'cause my gauge gets me... PAID
As I sit and reminisce about the old days
Hugging on my AK, fuck getting played, hey
I say niggas need to get they mind right
Until they do I pop a clip and grip my nine tight
Now it's on everyday could be my last day
That's why I blast on they ass as I passed let the glass spray
First you had a mouth full of fronts
Now your mouth's full of chunks, Pac's out puffin' blunts
Deadly venomz

[Bridge]
(Hahaha, yeah pass that shit over here
Apache bout to clean shit up)

[Verse 6: Apache]
Throw up your middle finger! Start the track for the maniac
Only thing I'm givin out is black donuts and dirty backs
Let me tell how you rough I get
I pop shit behind your back get in your face and pop the same shit
You can't get in because my gate's bigger I'mma snake nigga
My act guards me so hard I pull the fuckin' trigger
I'm a cinch in a clinch, your punch is like a pinch.
Test the rhyme I'll knock your hairline back an inch
Fuckin' up pooh-butts, cut 'em like cold cuts
Choke 'em with my boot lace, then leave 'em hangin' like old nuts
Clip up and move out, time to get 'em
That's the results of fuckin with the fifth venom in denim

[Outro]
(Yeah, yaknowhatI'msayin?
Five motherfuckin deadly venomz, in effect for ninety-three
Ninety-four ninety-five all that other shit
We takin this motherfucker over this larger hit
YaknowhatI'msayin? Follow us, come along. Yaknowhat I'msayin?
We takin this motherfucker over. TRUST. We out.)[Intro: 2pac]
Where the fuck do these niggas live where all this shit be goin' down?
You want to know how I did this shit? You want to know how real my shit is?
Nigga, go read the mothafuckin' newspaper, you trick-ass nigga

[Verse 1: 2pac]
How many broke-down rappers got some shit to say?
I sit and strategize, in due time, them bitches pay
Plus all day, I puff weed till my eyes bleed red
Undercover tactics, leave my enemies dead
Check this, I know you niggas got no love for me
But how the fuck your whole clique turn to thugs, homie?
Like misdemeanors, it's a small thang
You niggas ain't ready for war, let my balls hang
Bust it, I took apart your whole crew, lack heart, I ain't concerned
I bust at Bad Boy, Mobb Deep and murder The Firm
When you scream "Fake thugs," who the fuck you mean?
Get more cream than all of y'all, nigga, fuck your team
Now Dre want to switch sides, tricks hide in war
Last year, I shed tears, but I don't cry no more
Plus Jay-Z tried to play me, won't last long
Go ask King Sun how it feel to have your ass gone
Listen Doo-Wop, don't get your shit knocked, you can't win
Tell 'em all to let the games begin, we havin' war games

Yeah nigga, y'all niggas can't fade this shit
Got shot 5 times, got out of jail on bail
And sold 5 million

[Hook: 2pac]
I'm a self-made millionaire!
Thug livin', out of prison
Pistols in the air
(Background while Chorus:
Sold more records then all you trick muthafuckaz put together
More then the Firm, more then Bad Boy, murder Mobb Deep)
5 shots couldn't drop me: I took it and smiled (3x)
(3rd time parallel:) Now I'm back to set the record straight
With my A-K, I'm still the thug that you love to hate (love to hate, love to hate)

[Verse 2:]

[? 4 different Rappers, but not 2Pac]

[Hook]

[Verse 3: 2pac]
First off, fuck your bitch and the clique you claim
Westside when we ride, come equipped with game
You claim to be a player but I fucked your wife
We bust on Bad Boys, niggas fucked for life
Plus Puffy tryna see me, weak hearts I rip
Biggie Smalls and Junior M.A.F.I.A. some mark-ass bitches
We keep on coming while we running for your jewels
Steady gunning, keep on busting at them fools
You know the rules
Little Ceasar go ask you homie how I'll leave you
Cut your young ass up, leave you in pieces
Now be deceased
Little Kim, don't fuck around with real G's
Quick to snatch your ugly ass off the streets
So fuck peace
I'll let them niggas know it's on for life
So let the Westside ride the night
Bad Boys murdered on wax and killed
Fuck with me and get your caps peeled
You know

[Hook]

[Outro: 2pac]

[?](Ray Tyson)
Postal border was makin' me mad
So I get up in my cruiser, broke out of the pad
Rolled to the West Side to check out my boys
Twenty brothers in the park, all bringin' the noise
Stepped out the car, Levi's saggin'
Gold around my neck with my limb-walk laggin'
Walked up on my boys with the old E chillin'
The box with the big beats and my boys started illin'
A hoop game started so I jump in
Had the hoods' toughest team so I just had to win
Diz to the outside, 2Pac up the center
A ten minute game and we were the winners
The boys started smackin', talkin' that slack and
Till he see my posse and the suckers started backin'
Tried to say we cheat, because he got beat
Another lightweight sucker that can't handle defeat
People wonder why I choose to live the hype
It's not to understand, it's just a day in the life
Kick it - it's just a day in the life

(2Pac)
Finally I'm on vacation and school is through
So here I am, on Monday mornin' with nothin' to do
Tried to get outta my bed, but I can't move
Ya see I'm stuck to my matress like crazy glue
So there I lay, for half the day just thinkin'
Got up to brush my teeth cause my breath started stinkin'
But I was all alone so it wasn't no thing
Got up to take a shower and heard the phone ring
Picked it up, the salutations, little bit frustrations
Who could be disturbin' me on my vacation?
Speakin' on the phone in an aggravatin' tone
Now I know what Michael meant by leave me alone
So I'm askin' who is it? and the answer shocks me
It was the voice of my homeboy Roc-T
Him and Dizzy had been waitin' for me
Had a show at three and now I'm late as can be
Said I have to take a shower, I'll go ahead and take it
If I leave within the hour, I still might make it
I'm rollin' in a sweatsuit, wasn't tryin' to get cute
Hopped on to the stage and said: "Sorry that I kept you"
I started rappin', girls started clappin'
Couldn't wait to finish so I could start mackin'
Jumped off stage, picked up the girl for the night
Huh, that's how I'm livin', a day in the life, come on
A day in the life

(Ray Tyson)
Stretch white limo hits the colosseum
A crowd full of people sayin: "I can't wait to see 'em"
Who is in the limo, who are they talkin' about?
Strictly Dope in the house, here to turn the party out
We get out the car and can barely stand
Cause everywhere I look are screamin' fans
Girls on my tip but I really don't sweat 'em
They'll tear my new clothes if your bodyguards'll let 'em
Hit backstage with two minutes to spare
Just enough time to grip a breath of fresh air
We hear the introduction, the audience is loud
I stepped out on the stage and then I moved the crowd
Winners all over, we tried to leave the scene
But there's a whole crowd of people at the limousine
Pen and paper in my face, I couldn't be mean
So I was signin' autographs at the age of seventeen
People wonder why I choose to live the hype
It's not hard to understand, it's just a day in the life
Kick it - it's a day in the life

Kick it, kick it, kick it

(2Pac)
Coolin' with my posse at the neighborhood disco
Talkin' to a cutie as I'm sippin' on my cisco
Askin' me to dance but I keep on sayin' "No"
Hate to dance fast, I only like to do it slow
Dizzy's on the dance floor, funky, funky motion
Girl keeps on sweatin' me with sexual kind of totions
Roc is signin' autographs makin' girlies dizzy
Crowd sweatin' Strictly Dope cause we're gettin' busy
Suckers wanna battle us, we move in silence
Strictly Dope is positive, we're tryin' to stop the violence
Started feel tipsy, I'm lookin' for the door
The Cisco had me dizzy, I stumbled to the floor
And more I try to sit up, the less I seem to get up
My stomach starts to turn and my head feels wit' up
The room begins to spin, I pass out for the night
Just another way of livin' a day in the life, kick it

(Ray Tyson & 2Pac)
Knew I was a genius, soon as you seen this
Avoid ho's value, don't have to redeem this
Teenage terror, no room for error
A girl start dissin', and I scare her!
Risin' like inflation on your favorite station
Rap is my forte and my recreation
Girls wanna kiss me, suckers wanna diss me
My mother didn't want me to be, but I'm a emcee
The ladies desire, emcees admire
That's why many hate me and call me liar
Hoods of the hype-tip, girls on the ill-trip
I'm through rockin' this whack, so that's it
I am the high type, my style is so right
It's not hard to understand, it's just a day in the lifeI remember when you were lost
and your soul was in the wind
It was at this awkward moment
that you and I become friends
But then your soul was found
and you discovered celibacy
But with this you forgot about me
and our bond was a memory
And now I seyou u felt it
that bond we made before
I pray to God it stands
and severs never more[Intro]
To my niggas that went out in line on duty
21-gun salute! One love, one thug, one nation
(Let’s get down, let’s do this!)
21-gun salute! (Come on, yeah, let’s do this!)
21-gun salute!  (Come on, come on, let’s do this!)
All the time I be…

[Hook]
Hopin' my true motherfuckers know
This be the realest shit I ever wrote
Against all odds, up in the studio gettin' blowed
To the truest shit I ever spoke

[Verse 1]
21-gun salute, dressed in fatigues, black jeans and boots
I just appeared in the crowd, all you seen was troops
This little nigga named Nas think he live like me
Talking 'bout he left the hospital, took five like me
You live in fantasies, nigga, I reject your deposit
We shook Dre punk ass, now he out of the closet
Mobb Deep wonder why a nigga blowed 'em out
Next time grown folks talking, nigga close your mouth!
Peep me, I take this war shit deeply
Done seen too many real players fall
To let these bitch niggas beat me
Puffy, let's be honest: you a punk or you will see me with gloves?
Remember that shit you said to Vibe about me bein' a thug?
And you can tell the people you roll with whatever you want
But you and I know what's goin' on
Payback, I knew you bitch niggas from way back
Witness me strapped with MAC's, knew I wouldn't play that
All you old rappers tryin' to advance
It's all over now, take it like a man
Niggas lookin' like Larry Holmes (look at De La Soul!)
Flabby and sick
Tryin' to player hate on my shit, you eat a fat dick
Let it be known, this is how you made me
Lovin' how I got you niggas crazy

[Hook]
Against all odds, hopin' my thug motherfuckers know
This be the realest shit I ever wrote
Against all odds, up in the studio, gettin' blowed
To the truest shit I ever spoke
Against all odds, hopin' my true motherfuckers know
This be the realest shit I ever wrote

[Verse 2]
I heard he was light-skinned, stocky, with a Haitian accent
Jewelry, fast cars and he's known for flashin'
Listen while I take you back and lace this rap
A real live tale about a snitch named Haitian Jack
Knew he was workin' for the feds
Same crime, different trials, nigga, picture what he said
And did I mention?
Promised to payback, Jimmy Henchman, in due time
I know you bitch niggas is listenin', the world is mine
Set me up, wet me up, niggas stuck me up
Heard the guns bust, but you tricks never shut me up
Touch one of mine, on everything I love
I'll destroy everything you touch
Play the game, nigga; all out warfare, eye for eye
Last words to a bitch nigga: "Why you lie?"
Now you gotta watch your back, now watch your front
Here we come, gunshots to Tut, now you stuck
Fuck the rap game, nigga, this M.O.B
So believe me, we enemies, I go against all odds

[Hook]
I'm hopin' my true motherfuckers know
This be the realest shit I ever wrote
Against all odds, up in the studio, gettin' blowed
To the truest shit I ever spoke
I'm hopin' my true motherfuckers know
This be the realest shit I ever wrote; against all odds

[Verse 3]
Puffy gettin' robbed like a bitch, to hide that fact
He did some shit he shouldn't have did, so we ridin' for that
And that nigga that was down for me, restin' dead
Switched sides, guess his new friends wanted him dead
Probably be murdered for the shit that I said
I bring the real, be a legend, breathin' or dead
Lord, listen to me, God don't like ugly, it was written
Ayo, Nas, your whole damn style is bitten
You heard my melody (This nigga sounds like Rakim!)
Read about my life in the papers
All my run-ins with authorities, felonious capers
Now you wanna live my life
So what's a "chazzer," Nas? Niggas that don't rhyme right
You've seen too many movies
Load 'em up against the wall, close his eyes
Since you lie you die — goodbye!
Let the real live niggas hear the truth from me
What would you do if you was me? Nigga

[Hook]
Hopin' my true motherfuckers know
This be the realest shit I ever wrote
Against all odds, up in the studio gettin' blowed
To the truest shit I ever spoke
Against all odds, hopin' my true motherfuckers know
This be the realest shit I ever wrote
Against all odds, up in the studio gettin' blowed
To the truest shit I ever spoke; against all odds

[Outro]
21-gun salute, one love to my true thug niggas
(Outlaw! Outlaw! Outlaw!)
21-gun salute to my niggas that die in the line of duty
Representin' to the fullest, bein' soldiers with military minds
That play the rules of the game, 21-gun salute
I salute you, my niggas, stay strong
I ride for you, I rhyme for you, I roll for you, it's all for you
To all you bitch-made niggas, I'm comin' for you
Against all odds, I don't care who the fuck you is
You touch me, I'm at you
I know you motherfuckers didn't think I forgot
Hell nah, I ain't forgot, nigga
I just remember what you told me
You said don't go to war unless I got my money right
I got my money right now, now I want war[Intro/Chorus: C-Bo, D-Shot, Richie Rich, 2Pac & E-40]
They say
Influenced by crime, addicted to grindin'
Preoccupied with my chips
And niggas call me a timer
I been ballin' since my adolescent years steady climbin'
Man, you motherfuckers don't know nuttin' about no timin'
That's right, that's right boy, start that shit off

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
I heard a rumor I died, murdered in cold blood dramatized
Pictures of me in my final stage, you know mama cried
But that was fiction, some coward got the story twisted
Like I no longer existed, mysteriously missin'
Although I'm worldwide, baby I ain't hard to find
Where I spend most of my time, my California grind
Watchin' for thievin', I'm cautious, it's like I'm barely breathin'
Puttin' a bullet in motherfuckers, give me da reason
See me and hope I'm intoxicated or slightly faded
You tried to play me, now homicide's my only payment
I'm addicted to currency in this life I lead
Why the fuck you cowards be runnin', too scared to fight a G?
For the life of me, I cannot see
How motherfuckers picture livin' life after a night of fuckin' around with me
And if you don't like this rhyme
Then bring your big bad ass to California, 'cause we ain't hard to find

[Chorus: C-Bo, D-Shot, Richie Rich, 2Pac & E-40]
Influenced by crime, addicted to grindin'
Preoccupied with my chips
And niggas call me a timer
I been ballin' since my adolescent years steady climbin'
Motherfuckers don't know nuttin' about no timin'

[Verse 2: C-Bo]
I got my locs on, hard hat, goin' to war
Breakin' them off on sight, stoppin' lives like red lights
Watch 'em pause as I pull my strap out my draws
And get to dumpin' on they ass like the last outlaw
Rich, 2Pac and The Click, smokin' blunts, loadin' clips
With enough shit to raise your block in one dip
We bring on horror like Tales From the Crypt
And we ain't hard to find is the tales that we kick

[Verse 3: B-Legit]
I'm fully automatic, full of static and shit
Movin' Dodge van, fifty rounds in the clip
I'm ridin' shotgun with the tint in the back
I'm plan to have a motherfuckin' mint in this rap
I'm from the V-A-L-L-E-J-O
Where sellin' narcotics is all I know
I got blow, speed, and weed, whatever yo' kind
And if you need a motherfucker, I ain't hard to find

[Verse 4: D-Shot]
Some may call me bootsy, but I call it timin'
That's while I keeps on grindin' (that's right)
To the point where a nigga can't stop
Too much feelin' this shit, that's why I'm quick to peel a bitch
Whether it's a nigga or a ho, a ho
Get in my way, then that ass gots to go
'Cause a nigga steady plottin'
I serves hit for hit, and motherfuckers keep droppin'

[Chorus: C-Bo, D-Shot, Richie Rich, 2Pac & E-40]
Influenced by crime, addicted to grindin'
Preoccupied with my chips
And niggas call me a timer
I been ballin' since my adolescent years steady climbin'
Man, you motherfuckers don't know nuttin' about no timin'

[2Pac & E-40]
C-Bo, D-Shot, E-40, Richie Rich
Da Bay, beitch!

[Verse 5: E-40]
Down the steps
Abandoned broken down apartment complex
Heavy metal weapons they carry, can't be scary
Playboy, what the fuck is a proof without the trauma plate?
Nigga, what the fuck you got a gun for if you gon' hesitate?
Best shake and bake all them I-was-finst-to-ass niggas
Motherfuckers-didn't-think-I was-gon'-do-somethin'-ass niggas
Threaten your life, ain't like you love him
Bury your thoughts, take his head fuck him, have at him

[Verse 6: Richie Rich]
(Check this out)
I grew up with that nigga
Threw up with that nigga
I hear he tryin' to ride
Double agent for the other side
But now, my Glock be so judgmental
Back seat of a rental
Keep my name out your dental, nigga
If your gum bleedin' and you needin'
More than twenty stitches, you behave like them bitches
Sideways to the next
Heavy in the game
Check the resident, it's all the same
Nigga, and we ain't hard to find

[Outro/Ad-libs: 2Pac, C-BO & E-40]
[2Pac]: Hell nah we ain't hard to find
[C-Bo]: The whole Clickalation fool
[E-40]: Motherfuckers hard to find, right here bitch
[2Pac]: Why them niggas actin' like they can't find us? Like they can't see us and like we don't be at the same spots they be at?
[D-Shot]: It's the same congregation. Young Pac is back
[2Pac]: You know what I mean?
[C-Bo]: Nigga be lookin' all the way when he see you and shit
[D-Shot]: It's a celebration
[E-40]: Motherfuckers better understand this shit
[D-Shot]: Young 'Pac is back
[2Pac]: Ay D-Shot, nigga, can we get paid man?
[D-Shot]: Oh my goodness, we got C-Bo in this muthafucka...
[2Pac]Can we just go there and sock this shit up, please?
[D-Shot]: Hey, we smokin', and we ain't hard to find
[2Pac]: Drinkin' and shit, fuckin' with some Hurricane and some Thug passion
[E-40]: A motherfucker's gonna get his marbles regardless, playboy
[2Pac]: A check this out...You supposed to
[E-40]: Believe in that shit
[RIch]: Sideways to the next light, and to the next coast, poppin' the muthafuckin' most, you understand what I'm sayin'
[2Pac]: Money over bitches, nigga, M.O.B., M.O.B[Intro: 2Pac]
Something for my niggas to ride to
Something to keep your confidence up
Something to get your money by
Hey, yo this going out to Mu grandmother
Definitely going out to Mu's grandmother
One love, rest in peace, let the angels take you
One love

[Verse: 2Pac]
Ain't nothin' wrong with a nigga gettin' his papers
Don't hate us, listen to the song
Still waitin' on the world to come save us
How they made us, every time it's on
No matter who did it they blame us, they hate us
Gotta be strong, no matter what they do they can't break us
They hate us
Ain't nothin' wrong with a nigga gettin' his papers
Don't hate us, listen to the song
Still waitin' on the world to come save us
How they made us, every time it's on
No matter who did it they blame us, they hate us
Gotta be strong, no matter what they do they can't break us
Cuz they hate us

Verse continues to repeat throughout song[Outro]
Expect me nigga like you expect Jesus to come back
Expect me nigga! I’m comin'!
Expect me nigga like you expect Jesus to come back
Expect me nigga! I’m comin'![Intro: 2Pac + Dru Down]
Ah, yeah! Hahaha (Yeah)
It's all about you, one time (I'ma say it's all about you, baby, yeah)
Haha, for the bitches that think it's all about you (It's all about you) (This Dru Down in the house
With my boy 'Pizznac, you know what I'm sayin'?)
It's all about you (Yeah, I'm gon' say it's all about you
But you know I'm lyin' though, ha! Yeah)

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
You probably crooked as the last trick
Want to laugh 'bout how I got my ass
Caught up with this bad bitch?
Thinkin' I had her, but she had me in the long run
It's just my luck, I'm stuck with fuckin' with the wrong one
Wise decisions, based on lies we livin'
Scandalous times, this game's like my religion
You could be rollin' with a thug
Instead you with this weak scrub, lookin' for some love
In every club, I see you starin' like you want it
Well, baby, if you got it, better flaunt it
Let the liquor help you get up on it
I'm still tipsy from last night
Bumpin' these walls as I pause, addicted to the fast life
I try to holla, but you tell me you taken
Sayin' you ain't impressed with the money I'm makin'
Guess it's true what they tellin' me
Fresh out of jail, life's hell for a black celebrity
So that's the reason why I call, and maybe you with it
Fantasies of us kissin', can I hit it?
Addicted to the things you do
But still true what I'm sayin', boo, ‘cause this is all about you

[Chorus: Nate Dogg + 2Pac]
Every other city we go, every other video
It's all about you
No matter where I go, I see the same ho
Yeah, nigga
Every other city we go, every other video
It's all about you
No matter where I go, I see the same ho

[Verse 2: 2Pac]
I make a promise if you go with me, just let me know
I'll have you hollerin' my name out before I leave
Nobody loves me, I'm a thug nigga
I only hung out with the criminals and drug dealers
I love niggas ‘cause we comin' from the same place
Witness me holla at a hoochie, see how quick the game takes
How can I tell her I'm a playa and I don't even care?
Creep low, weed smoke's in the air
Everywhere I go, it's all about the groupie hoes
Waitin' for niggas at the end of every show
I just seen you in my friend's video
Could never put a bitch before my friends, so here we go
Follow the leader and peep the drama that I'm goin' through
It's all about you
Yeah, nigga, it's all about you

[Chorus: Nate Dogg + 2Pac]
Every other city we go, every other video
It's all about you
No matter where I go, I see the same ho
Every other city we go, every other video
It's all about you
No matter where I go, I see the same ho

[Verse 3: Hussein Fatal]
Is you sick from the dick, or is it the flu?
It ain't about you or your bitch-ass crew
Every other city we go and every video
Explain to a nigga why I see the same shitty ho?
You think it's all about you? Well, boo
I gets down like Dru, and my nasty new niggas, too

[Verse 4: Yaki Kadafi]
You couldn't hold me back, it'd take a fatter track
A lyrical attack, perhaps, it was a visual bluff
When I started to snaps all your rode 'em swoll
Straight in control, flows'll fold, while hoes cold stroll
Hold the set, I told Dramacy' go in next
Gold diggin', cold diggin' a gold Rolex

[Verse 5: Hussein Fatal]
I slide in easily, try a grizzly
Sluts know the cut, I came to fuck, try skeezin' me
Runnin' up in ya just like Bruce Jenner when I bend ya
At the most, I fucked a bitch from the West Coast to West Virginia
(It's all about you)

[Chorus: Nate Dogg & 2Pac]
Every other city we go, every other video
It's all about you
No matter where I go, I see the same ho
Every other city we go, every other video
It's all about you
No matter where I go, I see the same ho
Every other city we go, every other video
It's all about you
No matter where I go, I see the same ho
Every other city we go, every other video
No matter where I go, I see the same ho

[Outro: Snoop Doggy Dogg]
I'm tellin' ya, it's the same old shit
I mean, goddamn, you know what I'm sayin'?
I'm sittin' back, watchin' Montell Jordan video
I see the same bitch who was in my homeboy Nate Dogg video
Then I flip the channel, I'm checkin' out my homeboy 2Pac video
I see the same bitch that was in my video
You know what I'm sayin'? And then, you know what I'm sayin'?
What make that even more fucked up
I'm watchin' a Million Man March
And I see the same bitch on the Million Man March
That was in the homeboy Warren G video!
I mean, damn, everywhere I look, everywhere I go
I see the same ho
Don't get mad, I'm only bein' real, yeah[Intro: 2Pac]
Big Syke, Newt, Hank, Beugard, Big Sir
Y'all know how this shit go
All eyes on me
Motherfuckin' OG
Roll up in the club and shit, is that right?
All eyes on me
All eyes on me
But you know what?

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
I bet you got it twisted, you don't know who to trust
So many player-hatin' niggas tryna sound like us
Say they ready for the funk, but I don't think they knowin'
Straight to the depths of Hell is where them cowards goin'
Well, are you still down? Nigga, holla when you see me
And let these devils be sorry for the day they finally freed me
I got a caravan of niggas every time we ride
Hittin' motherfuckers up when we pass by
Until I die, live the life of a boss player, 'cause even when I'm high
Fuck with me and get crossed later, the futures in my eyes
'cause all I want is cash and thangs
A five-double-0 Benz, flauntin' flashy rings
Uhh, bitches pursue me like a dream
Been known to disappear before your eyes just like a dope fiend
It seems, my main thing was to be major paid
The game sharper than a motherfuckin' razor blade
Say money bring bitches, bitches bring lies
One nigga's gettin' jealous and motherfuckers die
Depend on me like the first and fifteenth
They might hold me for a second, but these punks won't get me
We got four niggas in low riders and ski masks
Screamin', "Thug Life" every time they pass, all eyes on me

[Chorus: 2Pac]
Live the life of a thug nigga until the day I die
Live the life of a boss player (All eyes on me) 'cause even gettin' high
All eyes on me
Live the life of a thug nigga until the day I die
Live the life of a boss player 'cause even gettin' high

[Bridge: Big Syke]
Hey, to my nigga 'Pac

[Verse 2: Big Syke]
So much trouble in the world, nigga
Can't nobody feel your pain
The world's changin' everyday, time's movin' fast
My girl said I need a raise, how long will she last?
I'm caught between my woman and my pistol and my chips
Triple beam, got some smokers on, whistle as I dip
I'm lost in the land with no plan, livin' life flawless
Crime boss, contraband, let me toss this
Needy hookers got a lot of nerve
Let my bucket swerve, I'm takin' off from the curb
The nervousness neglect make me pack a TEC
Devoted to servin' this Moët and pay checks
Like Akai satellite, nigga, I'm forever ballin'
It ain't right: parasites, triggers, and fleas crawlin'
Sucker, duck and get busted, no emotion
My devotion is handlin' my business, nigga, keep on coastin'
Where you goin', I been there, came back as lonely, homie
Steady flowin' against the grain, niggas still don't know me
It's about the money in this rap shit, this crap shit
It ain't funny, niggas don't even know how to act, shit
What can I do? What can I say? Is there another way?
Blunts and gin all day, 24 parlay
My little homie G, can't you see I'm buster-free?
Niggas can't stand me; all eyes on me

[Chorus: 2Pac]
Live the life of a thug nigga until the day I die
Live the life of a boss player 'cause even gettin' high
All eyes on me
All eyes on me
Live the life of a thug nigga until the day I die
Live the life of a boss player 'cause even gettin' high
All eyes on me

[Verse 3: 2Pac]
The feds is watchin', niggas plottin' to get me
Will I survive? Will I die? Come on, let's picture the possibility
Givin' me charges, lawyers makin' a grip
I told the judge I was raised wrong and that's why I blaze shit
Was hyper as a kid, cold as a teenager
On my mobile, callin' big shots on the scene major
Packin' hundreds in my drawers, fuck the law
Bitches, I fuck with a passion, I'm livin' rough and raw
Catchin' cases at a fast rate, ballin' in the fast lane
Hustle 'til the mornin', never stopped until the cash came
Live my life as a thug nigga until the day I die
Live my life as a boss player, 'cause even gettin' high
These niggas got me tossin' shit
I put the top down, now it's time to floss my shit
Keep your head up, nigga, make these motherfuckers suffer
Up in the Benz, burnin' rubber
The money is mandatory, the hoes is for the stress
This criminal lifestyle, equipped with a bulletproof vest
Make sure your eyes is on the meal ticket, get your money
Motherfucker, let's get rich and we'll kick it; all eyes on me

[Chorus: 2Pac]
Live the life of a thug nigga until the day I die
Live the life of a boss player 'cause even gettin' high
All eyes on me
All eyes on me
Live the life of a thug nigga until the day I die
Live the life of a boss player 'cause even gettin' high
All eyes on me

[Outro: 2Pac]
Pay attention, my niggas! See how that shit go?
Nigga walk up in this motherfucker and it be like, "Bing!"
Cops, bitches, every-motherfuckin'-body
(Live my life as a thug nigga until the day I die)
(Live my life as a boss playa, 'cause even gettin' high)
I got bustas, hoes, and police watchin' a nigga, you know?
(I live my life as a thug nigga until the day I die)
(Livin' life as a boss playa, 'cause even gettin' high)
He he he, it's like what they think
I'm walkin' around with some ki's in my pocket or somethin'
They think I'm goin' back to jail, they really on that dope
(Live my life as a thug nigga until the day I die)
(Live my life as a boss playa)
I know y'all watchin', I know y'all got me in the scopes
(Live my life as a thug nigga until the day I die)
(Live my life as a boss playa, 'cause even gettin' high)
I know y'all know this is Thug Life, baby!
Y'all got me under surveillance, huh?
All eyes on me, but I'm knowin'[Intro: Kastro & (Napoleon)]
We goin' all out, we goin' all out
We goin' all out
Watch your motherfuckin' mouth, niggas!
(That's right, fuck these fag niggas!)
Do it, do it, do it!

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Come hell or high water, down to slaughter opposers
Just another lost soul, stuck, callin' Jehovah
Outlaw 'til it's over, brandish my strap, back like a cobra
I stay drunk ‘cause I'm a mad man whenever sober
On a one-man mission, my ambition's to hold up
The rap game, while I pluck holes in niggas like donuts
And still down to die for all my soldiers like hillbillies
They don't fear me, so we feud, bringin' war to the city
With each breath, death before dishonor
Never let you swallow me, no apologies, Your Honor
A general in war, I'm the first to bomb
With a squad of trusted killers, quick to move shit, heavily armed
I'm similar to Saddam, sometimes I question who's sane
Like fiends frantic for that last vein, stuck in the game
I hit the scene like sandstorms, then transform, watch me
I take the figure of 30 niggas who all got me
While bitches wonderin' who shot me
No love, keep a grudge, shootin' slugs like Muammar Gaddafi
Murder my friends, build a new posse
We takin' shots at paparazzi, go and fly now, nigga, like Rocky
You got a lot of nerve to play me, another gay rapper
Bustin' caps at Jay Z and still avoid capture (Buck buck buck buck)
While y'all caught up in the rapture, still after me
I'm in Jamaica sippin' daquiris, no doubt
We used to havin' nothin' then grabbin' somethin' and bustin'
Wanted to be the thug nigga that my old man wasn't
I can't tour, fear of catchin' cases, litigation
Niggas player-hatin', got me crooked in all 50 states
I'm screamin' "Death Row!", throw my Westside, ain't no thing
We was raised off drive-by's, brought up to bang
We claim mob, M.O.B. if you be specific
We control all cash from Atlantic-Pacific
And get this: I'm hard to kill when I peel with this live spot
Father, how the Hell did I survive these five shots?
Live it up or give it up and like demons
Late night, hear them screamin', "We goin' all out!"

[Hook: E.D.I.]
We goin' all out, bomb first 'til they fall out
Take them the war route, without a doubt
Ball, which means we all ride if it's on
Each nigga handle your own, bring it on strong
If you got bills to pay, nigga, go all out
Bustas playin' with your papes better go all out
Tryna see the next day, nigga, go all out
Obstacles in your way, you better go all out

[Verse 2: Napoleon]
I'm on my last leg, walkin' through the belly of the beast
Feelin' like I'm all out, drunk as can be
It's plain to see, that we mob niggas hidin' in bushes
Claimin' that they ride rough, but they softer than cushion
They softer than bitches in the worst way, drownin' in blood
Outlawz, my blood brothers, I'd die for these thugs
Say hi to this slug
It's a shame how some niggas on the West Coast
Was ridin' with 'Pac, but when he died they went pop
I'm out in Jers, to the fullest, like some West Coast love
But after 'Pac stopped rappin', it ain't no West Coast thug
Just West Coast, slut, to my real niggas stuck in the street game
‘Cause rappers like Jay Z be pumpin' Kool-Aid through they veins
Is it true what I'm sayin'? Slap your soft ass to the floor
And watch my fo'-fo' put peek holes through your door
I ride or die, but these other fag niggas be bitin' this
It's all from my heart when I was writin' this; all out!

[Hook: E.D.I.]
We goin' all out, bomb first 'til they fall out
Take them the war route, without a doubt
Ball, which means we all ride if it's on
Each nigga handle your own, bring it on strong
If you got bills to pay, nigga, go all out
Bustas playin' with your papes better go all out
Tryna see the next day, nigga, go all out
Obstacles in your way, you better go all out

[Verse 3: Kastro]
Now, we all ride, and down to die — who with us?
Speak up or get treated like you comin' to kill us
They ain’t nothin' but squealers
In this rap game, swearin' they rough
Tattooed up, and now them niggas swearin' they 'Pac
Stop that, and watch your back, we ain't forgot 'bout ya
These Glocks hot, and when shot it'll bring the bitch up out ya
It's me, Kastro with the goattee, walkin' like a OG
‘Cause all these fag motherfuckers owe me
I pray to thug lords like them motherfuckers holy
Frontline soldier, 'til the Heavens call me
I go all out, and if you real, you real
Feel what I'm talkin' 'bout, ‘cause this game is ill
I live it, forbidden fruit, shoot, 'til they feel it
Livin' proof, Pac breed niggas they can't deal with
Holla back, right back, and watch your mouth
Or get blood in it, what! We goin' all out, nigga!

[Hook: E.D.I.]
We goin' all out, bomb first 'til they fall out
Take them the war route, without a doubt
Ball, which means we all ride if it's on
Each nigga handle your own, bring it on strong
If you got bills to pay, nigga, go all out
Bustas playin' with your papes better go all out
Tryna see the next day, nigga, go all out
Obstacles in your way, you better go all out

[Outro: E.D.I.]
Fool, you better go all out
Keep goin' all out
All my niggas goin' all out
Without a muthafuckin' doubt
Aye, you niggas just gon' think you gon' be uhh
Talkin' slick on all of these motherfuckin' records
And we ain't gon say shit
Now it's 1999, it's a different grind
Don't disrespect the Don
It's still war, motherfuckers
So let's see you act like you knowWhat of a love unspoken? Is it weaker without a name?
Does this love deserve 2 exist without a title
because I dare not share its name
Does that make me cruel and cold
2 deny the world of my salvation
because I chose 2 let it grow
People tend 2 choke
that which they do not understand
Why shouldn't I be weary
and withhold this love from MAN
What of a love unspoken
no one ever knows
But this is a love that lasts
and in secrecy it growsTake ones adversity
Learn from their misfortune
Learn from their pain
Believe in something
Believe in yourself
Turn adversity into ambition
Now blossom into wealthThe next heavy weight champion of the world

[Chorus]
I won't deny it I'm a straight rider
Ain't no stopping me
So why you suckers keep boxing me?
Wanna see me cuffed up and call the cops on me
On a mission to be champs since they let me free
I won't deny it I'm a straight rider
Ain't no stopping me
So why you suckers keep boxing me?
Wanna see me cuffed up, call the cops on me
On a mission to be champs they let me free

[Verse]
Prepare for combat my adversaries crumble
Face it I got a reputation for damage busters get ready to rumble
They lock me in a cell had me trapped in a livin' hell
Though not guilty I'm still in jail
Brother I serve my time like a soldier
Maintain composure
My shadow boxing I fight to the death bustin' boulders
Every boxer with a pair of gloves
Best give up love
Here's a man from the makings of a thug
A lethal weapon mind sharp
And in my heart there's a wish
To shake the world with the flurry of my black fist
Now once a high school drop out
Now I'm the million dollar champ who's the next to get knocked out
Straight out of Brooklyn I'm world wide y'all all know me
Droppin' all that come before me
No one can hold me
And uh

[Chorus]
I won't deny it
I'm a straight rider
Ain't no stoppin' me
So why these suckers keep boxin' me
Wanna see me cuffed up, call the cops on me
On a mission to be champs since they let me free
I won't deny it
I'm a straight rider
Ain't no stoppin' me
So why you suckers keep boxin' me
Wanna see me cuffed up, call the cops on me
On a mission to be champ since they let me free
I won't deny it
I'm a straight rider
Ain't no stoppin' me
So why you suckers keep boxin' me
Wanna see me cuffed up, call the cops on me
On a mission to be champ since they let me free
I won't deny it
I'm a straight rider
I won't deny it
I'm a straight rider
I won't deny it
I'm a straight rider

[Outro]
Next heavy weight champion of the world
Mike Tyson
Go 'head nigga
Get back to the top of where you supposed to be at!
These suckers don't know how to throw them thangs boy
You a legend
You a legend!
Plus you be boxin' for us homie
You be boxin' for the homies
We ain't got nothin' but love for ya
Stay ridin' homie
Stay ridin'[Chorus]
I won't deny it, I'm a straight ridah
You don't wanna fuck with me
Got the police bustin' at me
But they can't do nothin' to a G
Let's get ready to rumble!

[Intro]
Now, you know how we do it, like a G
What really go on in the mind of a nigga
That get down for theirs
Constantly, money over bitches
Not bitches over money
Stay on your grind, nigga
My ambitions as a ridah
My ambitions as a ridah

[Verse 1]
So many battlefield scars while driven in plush cars
This life as a rap star is nothin' without guard
Was born rough and rugged, addressin' the mass public
My attitude was "fuck it," 'cause motherfuckers love it
To be a soldier, must maintain composure at ease
Though life is complicated, only what you make it to be
Uh, and my ambitions as a ridah
To catch her while she hot and horny, go up inside her
Then I spit some game in her ear, "Go to the telly, ho!"
Equipped with money in a Benz 'cause, bitch, I'm barely broke
I'm smokin' bomb-ass weed, feelin' Crucial
From player to player, the game's tight, the feeling's mutual
From hustlin' and prayers to breakin' motherfuckers to pay up
I got no time for these bitches, 'cause these hoes try to play us
I'm on a meal ticket mission, want a mil' so I'm wishin'
Competition got me ripped on that bullshit they stressin' (Booyah)
I'ma rhyme though, clown hoes like it's mandatory
No guts, no glory, my nigga, bitch got the game distorted
Now it's on and it's on because I said so
Can't trust a bitch in the business so I got with Death Row
Now these money-hungry bitches gettin' suspicious
Started plottin' and plannin' on a scheme to come and twist us
But thug niggas be on point and game tight (Yeah)
Me, Syke and Bogart strapped up the same night
Got problems, then handle it, motherfuckers see me
These niggas is jealous
'Cause deep in the hearts they wanna be me
Uh, yeah, and now you got me right beside ya, hopin' you listen
I catch you payin' attention to my ambitions as a ridah

[Chorus]
I won't deny it, I'm a straight ridah
You don't wanna fuck with me
(My ambitions as a ridah)
Got the police bustin' at me
But they can't do nothin' to a G
(I won't deny it, I'm a straight ridah)

[Verse 2]
It was my only wish to rise
Above these jealous coward motherfuckers I despise
When it's time to ride, I was the first off this side, give me the .9
I'm ready to die right here tonight and motherfuck they life
That's what they screamin' as they drill me, but I'm hard to kill
So open fire, I see you kill me, witness my steel
(That's all you niggas got?)
Spittin' at adversaries, envious and after me
I'd rather die before they capture me, watch me bleed
Mama, come rescue me, I'm suicidal, thinkin' thoughts
I'm innocent so there'll be bullets flyin' when I'm caught (Shoot)
Fuck doin' jail time, better day, sacrifice
Won't get a chance to do me like they did my nigga Tys
Thuggin' for life, and if you right, then nigga die for it
Let them other brothers try, at least you tried for it
When it's time to die, to be a man and pick the way you leave
Fuck peace and the police, my ambitions as a ridah

[Chorus]
I won't deny it, I'm a straight ridah
You don't wanna fuck with me
(My ambitions as a ridah)
Got the police bustin' at me
But they can't do nothin' to a G

[Verse 3]
My murderous lyrics, equipped with spirits of the thugs before me
Pay off the block, evade the cops 'cause I know they comin' for me
I been hesitant to reappear, been away for years
Now I'm back, my adversaries been reduced to tears
Question my methods to switch up speeds
Sure as some bitches bleed
Niggas'll feel the fire of my mother's corrupted seed
Blast me but they didn't finish, didn't diminish my powers
(Buck-buck-buck-buck-buck)
So now I'm back to be a motherfuckin' menace
They cowards, that's why they tried to set me up
Had bitch-ass niggas on my team so indeed they wet me up
But I'm back reincarnated, incarcerated
At the time I contemplate the way that God made it
Lace 'em with lyrics that's legendary, musical mercenary
For money I'll have these motherfuckers buried
I been gettin' much mail in jail, niggas tellin' me to kill it
Knowin' when I get out they gon' feel it
Witness the realest, a hoo-ridah when I put the shit inside
The cry from all your people when they find ya
Just remind ya, my history'll prove authentic
Revenge on them niggas that played me
And all the cowards that was down with it
Now it's your nigga right beside ya, hopin' you listenin'
Catch you payin' attention to my ambitions as a ridah

[Chorus]
I won't deny it, I'm a straight ridah
You don't wanna fuck with me
(My ambitions as a ridah)
Got the police bustin' at me
But they can't do nothin' to a G
I won't deny it, I'm a straight ridah
You don't wanna fuck with me
Got the police bustin' at me
But they can't do nothin' to a G
I won't deny it, I'm a straight ridah
You don't wanna fuck with meThey wanna bury me, I'm worried -- I'm losin my mind
Look down the barrel of my nine and my vision's blurry
Fallin to pieces, am I guilty? I pray to the Lord
But he ignores me unfortunately cause I'm guilty
Show me a miracle, I'm hopeless -- I'm chokin off
Marijuana smoke, with every toke it's like I'm losin focus
Fallin to sleep while I'm at service, when will I die?
Forever paranoid and nervous because I'm high
Don't mention funerals I'm stressin, and goin nutty
And reminiscin bout them niggas that murdered my buddy
I wonder when will I be happy, ain't nothin funny
Flashbacks of bustin caps, anything for money
Where am I goin I discovered, can't nothin save me
My next door neighbor's havin convo with undercovers
Put a surprise in the mailbox, hope she get it
Happy birthday bitch, you know you shouldn'ta did it

X2
Everybody's dyin am I nextx3
I see my enemies they creepin, don't make me blast

Everybody's dyin am I next, who can I trust?
Will they be G's, and they look at me before they bust?
Or will they kill me while I'm sleepin, two to the head
While I'm in bed, leakin blood on my satin sheets
Is there a heaven for a baller? I'm gettin suspicious
Of this bitch the line busy everytime I call her
Now she's tellin me to visit, who else is home?
I check the house before I bone, so we all alone
After I nut I hit the highway, see ya later
To all the players watch the fly way a nigga played her
The bitch is tellin all her homies -- that I can fuck her
Like no other now them other bitches wanna bone me
I'm under pressure gettin drunk, somebody help me
I drink a fifth of Hennesey I don't think it's healthy
I see my enemies they creepin, don't make me blast
I watch the five-oh's roll, the motherfuckers pass

X2
[Everybody's dyin am I next]x3
I see my enemies they creepin, don't make me blast

They wanna bury me, I'm worried -- no need to lie
I pray to God I don't scream when it's time to fry
Nowhere to rest I'm losin homies, ain't that a bitch
When I was rich I had clout, now a nigga's lonely
I put the pistol to my head, and say a prayer
I see visions of me dead, Lord are you there?
Then tell me am I lost cause I'm lonely
I thought I had friends but in the end a nigga dies lonely
Nowhere to run I'm in terror, and no one cares
A closed casket at my funeral and no one's there
Is there a future for a killer? I change my ways
But still that don't promise me the next day
So I stay Thuggin with a passion, forever blastin
I'm bustin on these motherfuckers in my madness
They wonder if I'm hellbound... well Hell
Can't be worse than this, cause I'm in Hell now

X2
[Everybody's dyin am I next]x3
I see my enemies they creepin, don't make me blast

I ain't scared to die
Do you wanna live forever?
Are you scared, to die?* Poems written by Shakur as ~ interpreted by other artists

[Intro: Shock G]
Whattup 'Pac?
This for my dog, 2Pac Shakur, 2Pac Shakur
Yeah

[Verse 1]
Today is filled with anger
Fueled with hidden hate (fueled with hidden hate)
Scared of bein outcast (scared of bein outcast, scared of being an outcast)
Afraid of common fate (afraid of common fate)
Today is built on tragedy (today, is built on tragedy)
Which no one wants to face, which no one wants to face
Nightmares to humanity (nightmares, to humanity)
And morally disgraces (and morallyyyyyyyyy disgraced)
But tomorrow, I see change (heh)
A chance to build anew
Tomorrow, I see change (chaaaaaaange)
A chance to build anew
Today is filled with rage, violence fills the air
Children bred with foolishness, cause no one cares
Today I lay my head down, but the pressure never stops
Gnawin at my sanity, content when I am dropped
But tomorrow, I see change...
Tomorrow, I see change (but tomorrow, I see change)
But tomorrow, I see change
A chance to build anew
Built on spirit, content of heart
And ideals based on truth
And tomorrow's the same way
I'm strong, because of my pride
To know I fought with all my heart
To keep my dreams alive

[Outro]
And tomorrow (heyyyyyyyyyyyyyeahhhheyy)
Tomorrow...
Tomorrow (ooooooooh tomorrow tomorrow...)
And tomorrow[Red Rat]
This one is all about love!
Love, love, oh no! (oh yeah)
This one is for my baby boo (thats you)
Now whats about baby (thats right)
Red Rat will always love you, always!
Cho!

Me no have nothing if me no have you
Me pray the day that you say you want me too
I would do anything for make you my baby boo
Remember that I still love you!

Me no have nothing if me no have you
Me pray the day that you say you want me too
I want you be my baby boo
And this one is just for you, just for you!

[Breakdown: Red Rat]
I would drop all my girls for you
Walk barefoot 'round the world for you
Fly around like the birds for you
Thats why I wrote these words for you..

[Red Rat]
I don't have everything...
As a matter of fact, I don't have ANYTHING! (yeah)
From my heart (definitely)

YO!
Accept the G of a better day (yeah)
And you tell me find my way (yeah, yeah baby, yeah)..
..but be the man I'm sure to make mistakes (everybody does)
But to keep you, I'll do ALL it takes (anything)
Of course, YEAH!

Me no think you know
How you make me glow
Give me a chance fi show, and I'll show
I really want you know (know)
This is not a flo' (flo')
Can we stick to the red cross?
YO!..

[Breakdown: Red Rat]
I would drop all my girls for you
Walk barefoot 'round the world for you
Fly around like the birds for you
Thats why I wrote these words for you..

[Red Rat]
And if it meant that my love was really true (yeah)
I'd gladly die and watch over you (believe that)
I wish you know how much I cared
You'd see my love is true, that love we'd share (of course!)
Believe that yo (uhh)
Even if you change your mind
And said our love was through
I'll die, I would cry, but I'll still love you (yeah)

YO!
Yo bena or not molest me of you
Prepare to die or say you want me too
I would do anything to make you my baby boo
If it don't work - I still love you

[Breakdown]

[Red Rat]
It's for our love, no matter what
I'll still love you (I love you)I don't have everything
As a matter of fact I don't have anything,
except a dream of a better day
And you, to help me find my way
Being a man I am sure to make mistakes
But to keep you, I would do all it takes
and if it meant my love was really true
I'd gladly die and watch over you
I wish you knew how much I cared
You'd see my love is true. By the life we'd share
Even if you changed your mind and said our love was thru
I'd want to die, continuously cry and still I'd love you[Verse 1: Warren G]
Conjunction junction, what's my function?
I'm workin' up tracks to tap niggas that function
It's not 2Pac or that nigga Dr. Dre
It's the motherfucking gangsta from around the way (Hey)
The one that brings you styles on timesy-wimesy
That's why so hard to find me
Conduction, construction when I bust
Choo-choo, bustas, it's a must, let me bust, let me bust
Because I got to bust off of the top of the H-E-A-D
It's a must with my nigga Richie Rich and 2Pac
It's Warren G, yo, I got a cliggy-clock
Ends with my nigga SN double O P
D O double G, Y D O double to the G
Let me come back 'cause I'm like this, see
The LB to the motherfuckin' gangsta C
Niggas don't hear me though, baby
It's Warren G endo I'm kinda crazy
Don't trip off me, bro
Let me just kick a motherfucka 'cause I flow for my homie

[Verse 2: Richie Rich]
Well, I can take one two and let you know that it be hype
Standin' up finna shoot the shot to young Syke
What you wanna do is throw your flow to let 'em know
When it's comin' R-F-E double E, though (Woo)
One time for the camera, Richard's come to slam ya
Pickin' out your hat, yeah, Georgetown's phat
With the bulldog, ooh wee, why's he wanna do me?
Rich could give a fuck about a tramp and a hoochie
I hang with niggas from the block like 2Pac
What you wanna do is try to keep him locked
'Cause uhh if a nigga he tries to play ya
Although he's telling your kid like he's a playa but
Don't bang, hang don't it
What you wanna do is get away from in front of me
[?] didn't mean to do it
[?] I thought you knew it

[Verse 3: 2Pac]
And I'll be pickin' up the slack
It's thug 2Pacalypse now to grab the gat and rip the track
'Cause it's all about— makin' money
Ain't a damn thing funny, work me up, sonny
I be like calm in my business, time to hit that shit
I'm rippin' up the track 'cause I be down with the clique
And all my niggas in the house we hella drunk
We went and got some Tanqueray, nigga, we ain't no punks
It's time to get our drink on, nigga
And smoke lots of dank and uh
What we do, we takin' money to the bank
'Cause this is all in the paper's
Bitches be catchin' vapors and uhh
Clinton couldn't fuckin' save us
And it's all in 'cause niggas be ballin'
I drive a fuckin' Benz 'cause I'm all in
And don't be havin' friends
Just niggas like to talk a lot, that's what we see
That's why we made this fuckin' jam animosity
I won't quit, I talk a lot of shit
But buck it all up, 'cause I'll be ready to throw 'em up
But niggas don't wanna slang 'em 'cause I bring 'em
I be, 165 but I'm high 'til I fuckin' die
So you what you wanna do? Bring your whole fuckin' crew
And my Glock'll have them niggas runnin' up the block
My nigga Syke, he do what the fuck he like
And he's next on the mic, so won't you hit these niggas hella high

[Verse 4: Big Syke]
Never again will I ever trust a bitch
You can get that ass if they think you rich
Hungry bitches I can spot 'em a mile away
They get nice when it's close to they birthday
All of you do is hang around and stay down
And don't try to front, you fuckin' clown
'Cause your woman is fine but she ain't yours
'Cause she creepin' through my motherfuckin' back door
It feels good the way I make her moan
'Cause she don't get served like this at home
If I keep her too late, she might get in trouble
You think highly but I got to bust your bubble
'Cause a mack's gotta do what a mack's gotta do
She bragged to her friends, so I fucked her crew
'Cause I'm single when a gangsta got to mingle
And while I was stabbin' it, ooh, it tingle
I'ma leave 'em, I'ma leave 'em, yeah I can see
But when you do, you won't be with me
Like being with me, that's my change
But you cookie hungry hoes would stay saved
So let a bitch be a bitch, and a ho be a ho
'Cause if you blaze and roll, you will never know
So never again, never again
So don't get a woman, just have friends
So fuck a motherfuckin' bitch{*singing in other language*}

[Danny Glover - over singing]
When your hero falls from grace, all fairy tales are uncovered
Myth exposed and pain magnified, the grace pays uncovered
He told me to be strong, but I confused to see you so weak
You say never to give up, and it hurts to see you welcome defeat
When your hero falls so league the stars, and so does the perception of tomorrow
Without my hero, there's only me alone, to deal with my sorrow
Your heart ceases to work, and your soul is not happy at all
What are you expected to do, when your only hero falls

[Afeni Shakur - over singing]
As long as some suffer, the river flows forever
As long as there is pain, the river flows forever
As strong as a smile can be, the river will flow forever
And as long as you are with me, we'll ride the river together..
..And as long as you are with me, we'll ride the river together

[Singing - over chanting]
We'll ride.. the river together, as long as.. you are with me
The river.. will flow forever, as long as.. you are with me
The river.. will flow forever, as long as.. you are with meYou all a bunch of f*ckin' a*sholes
You know why?
You don't have the guts to be what you wanna be
You need people like me..
You need people like me so you can point your f*cking fingers
And say "That's the bad guy."

I thank the Lord for my many blessings
Though I'm stressing keep a vest for protection
From the barrel of a Smith & Wesson
And all my n*ggas in the pen, here we go again
Ain't nothing separating us but ma MAC - 10
Born in the ghetto as a hustler, older
Straight solider, bucking at them bustas
No matter how you try, n*ggas never die
We just retaliate with hate, than we multiply
See me striking down the block hitting corners
Mobbing like a motherf*cker, living like I wanna
Ain't no stopping at the red lights, I'm sideways
THUG LIFE, motherf*cker, crime pays
Let the cops put they lights on, chase me, n*gga
Zig-zagging through the freeway
Race me, n*gga in a high speed chase with the law
The realest motherf*cker that you ever saw

Say goodbye to the BAD GUY
Everybody gotta die..
(You all a bunch off f*cking a*sholes)
Say goodbye to the BAD GUY
Everybody gotta die..
(You don't have the guts to be what you wanna be)
Say goodbye to the BAD GUY
Everybody gotta die..
(You need people like me..)
Say goodbye to the BAD GUY
(So you can point your f*ckig fingers and say "That's the BAD GUY.")

Ain't no escape from a deadly fate
And everyday there's a million black bodies put away
I'm starting to lose hope, it seems everybody's on dope
Mama told me to leave, cause she was broke
Sometimes I choke on the indo, creeping out the window
Alone, on my own, I'm a criminal
Got no love from the household
I'm out cold, on the streets screaming "Motherf*ck peace!"
I got nothing to lose, and something to prove, what do I do?
Live the THUG LIFE, n*gga stay true
I wonder when they kill me, is there a heaven for a real G?
Lord forgive me, if you feel me
Cause all my life I was dirt broke with no hope
Little skinny motherf*cker wanting dough
I hated cutting suckers with my razor blade
But everyday it's a struggle to get major paid

Say goodbye to the BAD GUY
Everybody gotta die..
(You all a bunch off f*cking a*sholes)
Say goodbye to the BAD GUY
Everybody gotta die..
(You don't have the guts to be what you wanna be)
Say goodbye to the BAD GUY
Everybody gotta die..
(You need people like me..)
Say goodbye to the BAD GUY
(So you can point your f*ckig fingers and say "That's the BAD GUY.")

The only way to change me is maybe blow my brains out
Stuck in the middle of the game to get the pain out
Pray to my God everyday, but he don't listen
The poverty bothers me, but mama's working wonders in the kitchen
Listen! I can hear her crying in the bedroom
Praying for money but never think would she be dead soon
Am I wrong for wishing I was somewhere else
I'm thirteen, can't feed myself
Can I blame daddy cause he left me?
Wish he would've hugged me too much like him
So my mama don't love me on my own at a early age
I'm getting paid
And I'm strapped, so I'll never be afraid
Where did I go astray? I'm hanging in the back streets
Running with G's and dope friends, will they jack me?
Can't turn back, my eyes on the prize
I got nothing to lose (I got nothing to lose)

Say goodbye to the BAD GUY
Everybody gotta die..
(You all a bunch off f*cking a*sholes)
Say goodbye to the BAD GUY
Everybody gotta die..
(You don't have the guts to be what you wanna be)
Say goodbye to the BAD GUY
Everybody gotta die..
(You need people like me..)
Say goodbye to the BAD GUY
(So you can point your f*ckig fingers and say "That's the BAD GUY.")[Intro]
Yeah, ballad of a dead soldier
This is the ballad of a dead soldier
This is the ballad of a dead soldier
Come play the ballad of a dead soldier

[Verse 1]
The plan, to take command of the whole family
Though underhanded, to be the man it was planned
All my road dogs, official mob figures
Love to act up, the first to bomb when we rob niggas
I can be lost in my own mind
To be the boss, only thought's: grip on chrome 9's
Niggas get tossed up, war scars, battlefield memories
Swore I saw the devil in my empty glass of Hennessy
Talkin' to a nigga on a tight leash
Screamin' "Fuck the police!" as I ride through the night streets
Little child runnin' wild, towards danger
What's the cause? Don't be alarmed, death to all strangers
Maybe I'm a madman
A pistol grabbin' nigga, unleash the Sandman
Promise a merciless retaliation, nothin' is colder
Close your eyes, hear the ballad of a dead soldier

[Hook: singing + 2Pac]
Thug for Life, I will be
This is the ballad of a dead soldier
A life of crime I will lead
Close your eyes, hear the ballad of a dead soldier
If you play the game, you play to win
This is the ballad of a dead soldier
It's a crazy world full of sin
Close your eyes…

[Verse 2]
Completely lost, revenge at all costs
Payback's a bitch, switched, now the trick's crossed
Tossed up and never to be heard of
A single witness screamin', "Bloody murder, murder!"
Blast, tell me, homie, what you see now?
A blind man and a dead body, I'm ready to leave town
And get my cash though, hook up with Kastro
Homie had to blast on the task force
Stupid coppers tried to play us out, never that
They took my money and my stash, time to get 'em back
Upon my secret arrival
Two Glock four-fives, time for survival
Death to my rivals – tell me, what you want, Lord?
Nobody left after the death of a drug lord
The situation's critical, nothin' is colder
Than hear the ballad of a dead soldier

[Hook: singing + 2Pac]
Thug for Life, I will be
This is the ballad of a dead soldier
A life of crime I will lead
Close your eyes, hear the ballad of a dead soldier
If you play the game, you play to win
This is the ballad of a dead soldier
It's a crazy world full of sin
Close your eyes and hear the ballad of a dead soldier

[Verse 3]
Be a coward, put yo' hands to the moon
When my Glocks rang out, the niggas came out, BOOM!
Who wanna see me in a challenge?
So merciless, I'm terrifyin' niggas in my ballads
Do you feel me? Capo or Capi-tan
One day I'll be the Don; until then, remain strong
My only fear of death is reincarnation
Bustin' at my adversaries like a mental patient
To all my niggas facin' 60 years
Sheddin' tattooed tears, another suicidal on the tier
Takin' private planes, tryin' to survive the game
For all my homies that'll never be alive again
All they promise us is death, nigga
Take a breath, come be the last one left, nigga
It's real now, feel it or fantasize it, ain't nothin' colder
Listen, you can hear it – the ballad of a dead soldier

[Hook: singing + 2Pac]
Thug for Life, I will be
This is the ballad of a dead soldier
A life of crime I will lead
Close your eyes, hear the ballad of a dead soldier
If you play the game, you play to win
This is the ballad of a dead soldier
It's a crazy world full of sin
Close your eyes and hear the ballad of a dead soldier

[Outro]
This go out to Kato, Mental, all the niggas that passed away
Mutulu, Geronimo, Seyku – all the down-ass riders
All the niggas that put it down, all the soldiers
All the niggas that go through that day-to-day struggle
(This is the ballad of a dead soldier!)
All the niggas that passed on
All the niggas with ambition and money in they heart
All the niggas that want some and that don't take none
Hahaha (It's the ballad of a dead soldier!)
The police are so scared of us
All the feds they aware of us
They wanna see us dead
They got pictures of a nigga head, (Ballad of a dead soldier!)
Tryin' to see me in chains, shit
Them niggas'll never breathe again
Before they put me in a cell, they'll see me in Hell
(‘Cause it's the ballad of a dead soldier!)
Got my pistols cocked
Run the whole motherfuckin' block; fuck the cops!
The police? We run these streets, nigga
(Ain't heard the ballad of a dead soldier!)
These niggas can't see me, half the world wanna be me
Multi-millionaire, shit, it ain't fair
But nigga, you know – it's the ballad of a dead soldier![Intro]
Lookin' for these better days

[Chorus]
Better days, hey
Better days
Got me thinkin' 'bout better days
Better days, better days, better days
Hey
Better days
Got me thinkin' 'bout better days

[Verse 1]
Time to question our lifestyle, look how we live
Smokin' weed like it ain't no thing, so even kids
Wanna try now, then lie down and get ran through
Nobody watches 'em, clockin' the evil man do
Faced with the demons, addicted to hearin' victims screamin'
Guess we was evil since birth, product of cursed semens
‘Cause even our birthdays is cursed days
A born thug in the first place, the worst ways
I'd love to see the block in peace
With no more dealers and crooked cops, the only way to stop the beast
And only we can change
It's up to us to clean up the streets, it ain't the same, too many murders
Too many funerals, and too many tears
Just seen another brother buried, plus I knew him for years
Passed by his family, but what could I say?
Keep yo' head up and try to keep the faith
And pray for better days

[Chorus]
Better days, better days
Hey, better days
Got me thinkin' 'bout better days
Better days, better days, better days
Hey
Better days
Got me thinkin' 'bout better days

[Verse 2]
Thinkin' back as an adolescent, who woulda guessed
That in my future years I'd be stressin'?
Some say the ghetto's sick and corrupted
Plus my P.O. won't let me hang with the brothers I grew up with
Tryna keep my head up and stay strong
All my homies slangin' yayo all day long
But they wrong, so I'm solo and so broke
Savin' up for some Jordan's, ‘cause they dope
I got a girl and I love her, but she broke too
And so am I — I can't take her to the places she wanna go to
So, we argue and play fight, all day and night
Makin' passionate love 'til the daylight
Plus we about to get evicted, can't pay the rent
Guess it's time to see who really is your friend
Tell me you pregnant and I'm amazed
So many blessings while we stressin', lookin' for them better days (for better days)

[Chorus]
Better days, better days
Hey, better days
Thinkin' 'bout better days
Better days, better days, better days
Hey
Better days
Got me thinkin' 'bout better days

[Verse 3]
Now, me and you was real cool, hell on them square fools
Since back in high school, we was true, me and you
Hardly parted or separated, we stayed faded
Affiliated with gang-bangers and still made it
Up in the gym, mess with me, gotta mess with him
Still dressin' like grown men when rollin'
Out in the dark, smokin' Newports, gamin' marks
Got a place in my heart, homie, stay smart
Locked you up in the pen, and gave you three to ten
I send you letters with naked flicks of old friends
Hopin' you well, I know it's hell
Doin' time in the cells, you need mail when you in jail
And me, I'm doin' cool
I settled down, had a family, workin' a night school
Every once in a while, I reminisce
And I wonder how we ever came to this; I miss the better days

[Chorus]
Better days, better days
Hey, better days
Thinkin' 'bout better days
Better days, better days, better days
Hey
Better days
Got me thinkin' 'bout better days

[Outro]
I send this one out to all the homeboys down in, uh
Clinton lockdown, Rikers Island
All them dudes I was, uh, locked up with, hehe
E Block, F Block, lower H
N-I-C in Rikers Island, downstate
All the peoples I met along the way
Better days is comin', homeboy, keep your head up![Intro] I don't know why I be fucking witchu

[Verse One: 2Pac]
Was it the liquor, that makes me act blind, times that I'm with her
Anonymous pictures of other niggas tryin to kiss her
Will I love her or shall I diss her?
I'm sick of this scandalous shit I deal wit
Tryin to paint a perfect picture
My memories of jealousy no longer carefree
Cause so much bullshit your girlfriends keep tellin me
I'm on tour, but now my bedroom's an open door
So it got me thinkin, what am I tryin for?
When I was young I was so very dumb, eager to please
A lil', trick on a mission tryin to get in my P's
Me and my niggas is thug niggas, former known drug dealers
We don't love bitches and believe, they don't love niggas
I gotta blame my attraction
But you became a distraction, a threat to my paper stackin
I thought you changed but now I know
Can't turn a ho into a housewife, baby, and there you go

[Hook: Jazze Pha]
Baby there you go, actin like a ho
There you there you go, actin like a ho
Baby there you go, actin like a ho
Actin like a ho, actin like a ho
HOE! See the word on the streets you're a
HOE! Just a groupie on a world tour
HOE! Now I found out for myself you're a
HOE! Girl you need to check yourself

[Verse Two: Kastro]
These silly bitches got this game twisted
So I don't claim 'em, just bang 'em
Papa raised a player, so player, I play 'em
I got hoes that got more, hoes than me
So how I look, gettin hooked, like I ain't got G?
Truly cutie booty big, but that ain't enough
And the head make me beg, still that just ain't enough
When I don't trust her, the bitch be lyin too much
When she be dyin to fuck me you be buyin her stuff, ho

[Verse Three: Kadafi]
See girlfriend I know, your whole M.O.'s preoccupied with mostly
Gettin clown after clown, town coast to coast - see
I been tryin to stay away from sluts like you
Got me turned off completely by that sheisty shit that you do
Knew from jump yo' aim, straight through them spandex, don't front
Just name, spots on yo' body for me to touch while you clutch this game
I keep flowin like H20 it ain't nuthin for me to say
Why you keep actin like a ho? But there you go

[Hook][Interlude: Big Syke]
Thug life, microphone check
Outlaw, microphone check
Where you bitch niggas coming from?
You don't know, look like you a seed
From Makaveli The Don....
I can hear your style, sounds like Makaveli The Don
2Pac, my nigga
So much trouble in the world nigga
These niggas can't feel your pain
Thug life, outlaw, forever
Oh you bitch niggas....
The hardest nigga
Ever to touch this microphone
Got you bitch niggas trailin' his tail
I don't know if you catch up, but yet and still
Keep trying nigga, keep trying nigga
Thug life, Outlaw forever nigga
Eternity, infinity
So remember Makaveli The Don
His thug life lives on[Intro: 2Pac]
Black Cotton, Black Cotton
Black Cotton – a symbol for unrewarded struggle
Time for a little gospel tale
Ghetto gospel, that is, listen!
Rotten Black Cotton in God's eyes
Speak!

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Black cotton, steady stressin', Smith & Wessons, count my blessings
Class is in session: the worst question is the first question
Why do we work like slaves sweatin' blades to an early grave?
Never got paid but still we slave (in the nine tre')
Answer that, then answer this too
Love's gonna get ya, you know it's true – life's a bitch, true?
You best to backtrack and try to act black and live
Not to be phony and positive but why be negative?
What's the matter, G? Black cat got your tongue?
Fat track got you sprung, now you're hung?
Do ya feel me? Dum dum diddy, is it me?
Attempt to reach each and every brother on the streets
If not peace, then at least let's get a piece
I'm tired of seein' bodies on the streets deceased
Lookin' through my highschool yearbook
Reminiscin' of the tears as the years took
One homie, two homie, three homies – POOF!
We used to have troops, but now there's no more youth to shoot
God, come save the misbegotten
Lost ghetto souls of Black Cotton (in God's eyes)

[Chorus: Eminem]
Nobody don't care (No matter how hard I try
Look to the sky, and I ask God why)
Nobody don't care (Seems like my dreams
Drowned in by screams, no answer to my questions)
Nobody don't care (Feels like I'm pressed
Why do I stress? It's like I'm bein' tested)
Nobody don't care (Seems like my prayers
Vanished in thin air, please answer my questions)
Nobody don't care

[Verse 2: Kastro]
In the belly of the beast I'm bubblin' up
Runnin' out of luck, about to self-destruct
Old heads say live your life like such
You're sure to catch her with your one-day boy
I wouldn't listen to 'em
Your power movement was cool, but it ain't fix nothin'
So I just go with what I know, I don't trust none
Look what the 80's did to us baby kids
And now we grown up, nobody ain't own us yet

[Verse 3: Young Noble]
Black cotton, I'm plottin' on what they owe me
I'm workin' without a profit, they shacklin' all my homies
I'm hurtin', but keep in mind, it ain't irkin'
And we ain't stop, it's curtains
You try to rise and certainly we survive with Outlaw Ridaz
What's the reward for a struggler?
If the law lovin' us, then why they hate to see us comin' up?
Runnin' up, gun cocked, black mask and gloves
If you ain't got a penny, mind the glove, no love
Waitin' for my 40 acres and a blunt to blaze
Biblical times, good hearts with milita minds
Black Cotton – I'm hoppin' over enemy lines
Black Cotton – I ain't stoppin' till they givin me mine
Black Cotton

[Chorus: Eminem]
Nobody don't care (No matter how hard I try
Look to the sky, and I ask God why)
Nobody don't care (Seems like my dreams
Drowned in by screams, no answer to my questions)
Nobody don't care (Feels like I'm pressed
Why do I stress? It's like I'm bein' tested)
Nobody don't care (Seems like my prayers
Vanished in thin air, please answer my questions)
Nobody don't careAgainst all odds, I'm still here nigga
O.P.D. -- what??!
Aiyyy, I got to get my props for 2Pacalypse
When this album come out, niggas can kiss my ass
Did you think I'd fall?
You think you could stop a motherfucker like me?
Introducing you to my criminal crew
Treach, A.D., Apache, Essential
Above the Law, Lench Mob, the Underground Railroad, Digital Underground gets around and we down in this bitch
You got to deal with me on a whole new level motherfucker
Cause I'm gettin' paid
And the more you try to keep niggas away from me
The more I unite with mo' niggas and mo' niggas and mo' niggas
Extra special thanks to my nigga Big John Major
And there's a ghetto in every city and a nigga in every ghetto
Motherfucker we are unstoppable
I owe him, thanks to my man Mike Cooley and the rest of our fathers
And uhh, I'm not goin' alive!* Poems written by Shakur as ~ interpreted by other artists

[Verse 1: Jamal Joseph]
The day, I met you
I saw strength
And I knew from, that point on
That you were pure, woman
Posessing a spirit that was strong
I want smiles to replace the sorrow
That you've encountered in the past
And since it was strength, that attracted me to you
It will take strength to make it last
My, negative side will attempt to, change you
But please fight that with your aura
It will be your strength, that keep us both standing
While others around us, fall
Black woman, black woman, black woman

[Singer in background]
Black woman, black woman, ohhhh black woman

[Verse 2: Jamal Joseph]
I want smiles to replace the sorrow
That you have encountered in the past
And since it was strength, that attracted me to you
It will take strength
To make it last
My, negative side will attempt to change you
But please
Fight that with your aura
It will be your strength, that keep us both standing
While others around us, fall
Keep us standing, while things around us fall
It's your spirit, your strong beautiful spirit
That makes us both stand
Black woman, it is your beauty
It is your pureness, it is you, and all your love
That make us both stand
Black woman, you are pure, woman to me
Black woman, you are pure, love to me
Black woman, you are pure, joy to meThe day I met u I saw strength
and I knew from that point on
that u were pure woman 2 me
possessing a spirit that was strong

I want smiles 2 replace the sorrow
that u have encountered in the past
and since it was strength that attracted me 2 u
it will take strength 2 make it last

My negative side will attempt 2 change u
but please fight that with your all
it will be your strength that keep us both standing
while others around us fall[Snipped of a religious TV show]
God has a plan, and the bible unfolds that wonderful plan
Through the message of prophecy
God sent Jesus into this world to be our savior
And that Christ is returning, someday soon
To unfold the wonderful plan of eternity
For my life and your life
As long as we're cooperating with God
By accepting Jesus Christ as our personal Lord and savior
Unless the Lord does return in the coming seven days
We'll see you next time here on This Week in Bible Prophecy

[Intro: 2Pac]
2Pac, don't start that blasphemy in here!
Makaveli, the new breed
And I remember what my pops told me
The new word, follow me
Remember what my pops told me

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
My family tree consists of drug dealers, thugs and killers
Strugglin', known to hustle, screamin', "fuck they feelings!"
I got advice from my father, all he told me was this:
"Nigga, get off your ass if you plan to be rich!
There's ten rules to the game, but I'll share with you two
Know niggas gon' hate you for whatever you do
Now, rule one: get your cash on, M.O.B.
That's Money Over Bitches, 'cause they breed envy
Now, rule two is a hard one: watch for phonies
Keep your enemies close, nigga, watch your homies"
It seemed a little unimportant, when he told me, I smiled
Picture jewels bein' handed to an innocent child
I never knew, in my lifetime, I'd live by these rules
Initiated as an outlaw, studyin' rules
Now, papa ain't around, so I gotta recall
Or come to grips with bein' written on my enemy's walls
Promised if I have a seed, I'ma guide him right
Dear Lord, don't let me die tonight
I got words for my comrades, listen and learn
Ain't nothin' free, get back what you earned
No doubt, gettin' higher than a motherfucka, bless me, please
This Thug Life'll be the death of me
C'mon, yeah

[Bridge: 2Pac]
And I remember what my poppa told me
Remember what my pops told me
Blasphemy!

[Hook: Prince Ital Joe & 2Pac]
Nuf for dem dat steal in the name of da Lord
Dem a tell nuff lie, but holdin' my bird in a cloud
(Remember what my pops told me)
Using the name of the lord in vain
(blas-blas-blasphemy, blasphemy)
(Remember what my pops told me)
While de people in de ghetto feel nuff pain

[Verse 2: 2Pac]
We pro'ly in Hell, already, our dumb asses not knowin'
Everybody kissin' ass to go to Heaven ain't goin'
Put my soul on it, I'm fightin' devil niggas daily
Plus the media be crucifyin' brothers severely
Tell me I ain't God's son; nigga, momma a virgin
We got evicted, had to leave the 'burbs
Back in the ghetto, doin' wild shit
Lookin' at the sun don't pay
Criminal mind all the time, wait for Judgment Day
They say Moses split the Red Sea
I split the blunt and rolled a fat one up, deadly
Babylon beware, comin' for the Pharoah's kids
Retaliation, makin' legends off the shit we did
Still bullshittin', niggas in Jerusalem waitin' for signs
God comin', she's just takin' her time (haha!)
Livin' by the Nile, while the water flow
I’m contemplatin' plots, wonderin' where the thought’ll go
Brothas gettin' shot, comin' back resurrected
It's just that raw shit, nigga, check it (that raw shit)

[Bridge: 2Pac]
And I remember what my poppa told me
Remember what my poppa told me
Blasphemy!

[Hook: Prince Ital Joe & 2Pac]
Nuff a dem a steal in the name of the lord
Dem a tell nuff lie, but holding a bird in a cloud
(Remember what my pops told me)
Using the name of the lord in vain
(Remember what my pops told me)
While de people in de ghetto feel nuff pain
(What!)

[Verse 3: 2Pac]
The preacher want me buried, why? 'Cause I know he a liar
Have you ever seen a crackhead? That's eternal fire
Why you got these kids' minds thinkin' that they evil?
While the preacher bein' freaky, you say, "honor God's people"
Should we cry when the Pope die? My request:
We should cry if they cried when we buried Malcolm X
Mama, tell me: am I wrong? Is God just another cop
Waitin' to beat my ass if I don't go pop?
Memories of a past time, givin' up cash to the leaders
Knowin' damn well they ain't gonna feed us
In my brain, how can you explain time in B.C.?
It's hard enough to live, now, in these times of greed
They say Jesus is a kind man
Well, he should understand times in this crime land
My thug nation, do what you gotta do
But know you gotta change
Try to find a way to make it out the game
I leave this and hope God can see my heart is pure
Is Heaven just another door? I leave this here
I leave this and hope God see my heart is pure
Is Heaven just another door? And my people say

[Hook: Prince Ital Joe & 2Pac]
Nuff a dem a steal in the name of the lord
Dem a tell nuff lie, but holding a bird in a cloud
(Remember what my pops told me)
Using the name of the lord in vain
(Can't I remember what my poppa told me, blasphemy)
While de people in de ghetto feel nuff pain

[Collision]
Our Father, who art in Heaven
Hallowed be Thy name
Thy kingdom come, Thy will be done
In Earth as it is in Heaven
Give us this day, our daily bread
As we give up our debts
As we forgive our debt-ors
Lead us not into temptation
But deliver us from evil
For God's is the kingdom and the power
And the glory forever and ever and ever[Intro: Press Release]
In today's music news: the ever-controversial 2Pac Shakur has just released another album under the alias "Makaveli." Music insiders are running wild trying to rearrange other artists' street dates in fear of a wipeout in retail inter-chart movement. Although no one knows the exact cause of the new album, resources tell me a number of less fortunate rappers have joined together in conspiracy to assassinate the character of not only Mr Shakur but of Death Row Records as well. Nas, the alleged ring leader, is furious at 2Pac's – excuse me – Makaveli's verbal assault on Mobb Sleep, Notorious P.I.G., and several other New York rappers. JAY-Z from "Hawaiian Sophie" fame, Big Little whatever, and several other corny-sounding motherfuckers are understandably shaken up by this release. The question everybody wants to know is: why'd they get this nigga started? 2Pac – rather Makaveli – was not available for comment but released this statement:

[Spoken: 2Pac]
It's not about East or West
It's about niggas and bitches
Power and money, ridaz and punks
Which side are you on?
*Heartbeat* *Gunshots*
*Encroaching footsteps*
These niggas is still fuckin' talkin'?
You niggas still breathin'? Fuckin' roaches
A'ight, it's the Raid on cockroaches
Punk motherfuckers, this is it (Makaveli The Don)
Killuminati Style (all day) (up in your ass)
(Bomb first) (Outlaw Ridahz) Solo shit, bring it!

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Allow me to introduce first: Makaveli the Don
Hysterical, spiritual lyrics like The Holy Qur'an
Niggas get shook like 5-0
My .45 is next to me when we ride, for survival
Money-makin' plans, pistol close at hand, swollen pockets
Let me introduce the topic, then we drop it
Expose snakes ‘cause they breed freely
See me rise, located worldwide like the art of graffiti
I think I'm tougher than Nitti, my attitude is shitty
Born on a dope fiend's titty, in every city
You'll find me, look for trouble right behind me
My Outlaw niggas down to die for me, nah mean?
I hit the scene, niggas duckin' from my guillotine stare
I'm right there, my every word a fuckin' nightmare
Get me high, let me see the sun rise and fall
This for my dogs, down to die for y'all
Extreme venom, no mercy when we all up in ’em
Cut ’em down, to Hell is where we send ’em
My whole team trained to explode, ride or die
Murder motherfuckers lyrically and I'm not gonna cry
Me, a born leader, never leave the block without my heater
Two big pits, I call them "my bitch-nigga eaters"
And not a whimper until I'm gone
Thug Life runnin' through my veins so I'm strong
Bye bye bye, let's get high and ride
Oh, how do we do these niggas, but I'm not gonna cry
I'm a Bad Boy killer, JAY-Z die too
Lookin' out for Mobb Deep, nigga, when I find you
Weak motherfuckers don't deserve to breathe
How many niggas down to die for me? Yay-yay!
West Coast rider, comin' right behind ya
Should have never fucked with me
I want money, hoes, sex and weed
I won't rest until my road dog's free – bomb first

[Chorus: 2Pac]
We bomb first when we ride
Please reconsider 'fore you die
We ain't even come to hurt nobody tonight
But it's my life or your life, and I'ma bomb first
We bomb first when we ride
Please reconsider 'fore you die
We ain't even come to fight tonight
But it's my life or your life, and I'ma bomb first

[Verse 2: E.D.I. Mean]
For so many days, in so many ways we've been duckin' strays
They delivers, but still we some Bad Boy killers
Got nuttin' to lose, I gots nowhere to go
I only got one home, see me stranded on Death Row
With Outlawz, it's Makaveli be the general
And I be a soldier on a mission, sent to do what you'll never do
And that's ride for the cause, yes, I'll die for the cause
You best believe, if I'ma leave this bitch, yo I'm dyin' with yours
Kamikaze, sicker than a ma'fuckin' Nazi
Got a little question for that nigga that made "Paparazzi"
If you ain't in this rap game for the motherfuckin' cash, mane
Then what is your motherfuckin' purpose? Narcing service
E.D.I. Mean, born worthless
That's until the day I decided to bomb first, bitch!

[Bridge: 2Pac]
Biatch! Come on, bring it, down with it!
Then we ride
Come on, bring it
Bomb first when we ride
Hey, get that nigga!

[Verse 3: Young Noble]
Your style wack as ever, like you was rockin' patent leather
Causin' massive terror, y'all niggas lack, you ain't thorough
Half rapper, half drug kingpin, you're tellin' fairy tales, dunn
"King of New York" like you the motherfuckin' one?
But I'm from Jers', we don't play that shit
From the Clare down to North Bricks all my niggas flippin’ chips
Gettin’ rich, even though it's hard
Tryna creep through these halls and brawls without scarred by a revolve'
With no warning signs, ‘cause yo, my man took five
Now I'm the youngin with the 9 ready to put in my time

[Outro: 2Pac]
Shoot first, look at their head, burst bleeding
Don't want to hear no shit this evening, believe me
We bomb first when we ride
Please reconsider 'fore you die
G's and thug niggas on the rise
Plan, plot, strategize, and bomb first
We bomb first when we ride
Please reconsider 'fore you die
G's and thug niggas on the rise
Plan, plot, strategize, and bomb first

[Segue to "Hail Mary"]
Let us pray, my nigga
'Cause we definitely have sinned[Chorus: Nutt-So]
Murder and pain come wit' the game if you choose to roll
Kickin' doughs, puttin' holes in mothafuckas leavin' hoes disposed of
Nigga lay ya down when I creep, on a mission to send ya six feet
Nigga don’t sleep

[Verse 1: E.D.I Mean]
Now in my every way get murmuring, I'm on a quest to tease better shit
Positioned myself to pops states the path whatever dig
Nutt-So we got to live, we stepped ahead of these cowards
Half-hearted bitch niggas that love the taste of the power
But it's only the chosen, as we continue on blowin' shit
Even in the afterlife, we still blast tonight
In plain do that nigga shoulda stay truest
State of the war got go sleepin', no one leavin', now we eating

[Verse 2: Napoleon]
It don’t quit it, don’t stop
You pay a bitch, I’ll pay a crooked cop
Then hustle on the block, and stack my money that I future plot
Young Napoleon, Napole-on, it’s on, it’s on again
When liquor sip touched my liver, tell me will it ever end
I’m tired of mournin'
Wake up to another dead in the mornin'
Pray ‘fore I went to bed, still woke up dreamin' lead
These bitches and them vultures that surround my group
They wanna talk and drink a brew and claim they Thug Life too

[Chorus: Nutt-So]
Murder and pain come wit' the game if you choose to roll
Kickin' doughs, puttin' holes in mothafuckas leavin' hoes disposed of
Nigga lay ya down when I creep, on a mission to send ya six feet
Nigga don’t sleep

[Verse 3: Yaki Kadafi]
I blast first to they body, like my guns in varieties
Runnin' wit' the real big willies, that you silly punks try to be
But front, doin' my walk-bys rollin' blunts
Hands on my nuts in a getaway car full’a stunts
Addicted to my nine, movin' like crime through time
Poppin' niggas like pimples, nigga nuttin' simple 'bout mine
Etch a sketch it, dumpin' on all you punks at intersections
Day in and day out, ain't no easy way out on easy exits
Don’t sleep

[Verse 4: Kastro]
Walkin' dead in the back, passed out
My head talkin' to my damn self-stretched vexed
In my bed, and if I rest
How much I wanna bet how fast I fall over?
The edge on my face flat, but fuck that I’m a soldier
Wide open, tired of livin' lies got me locin'
On mama’s eyes, the drama side won’t stop 'til I smoke ’em, potent
So I’m chokin', floatin', on my feet
Since these bitch niggas creep, why the fuck should I sleep?

[Verse 5: Nutt-So]
Dumpin' on mothafuckas at random, rapidly
Wit' accuracy, they shouldn'ta' talked bad to me
It had to be, a mothafuckin' murder I’m glad to be
The nigga that did the murder so sad to see
Another mothafucka dead, layin' in red
Wit' a big ass hole in his head, received by a thug (Nigga), no love
As I bloodied up his mothafuckin' mug picture
Snatched him up off the asphalt, then drove off to the hills positioned him on his knees and blew the back off
Twisted his cap off, wrapped him up in plastic
Slid to the edge, and dumped his ass off
Then notified his whole family, of this tragedy
Murdered 'em without askin' me, who did it
Catastrophe is how I left it and you won’t see the last of me nigga
And I betcha, he got wet up, don't sleep
'Cause you fuckin' wit' realest nigga
You jeopardizin' lives when you fuckin' wit' soldiers (I told ya)
Fucked him up with extendo know (Ahh shit, haha)
Not with the sticks mothafucka, it’s game over

[Verse 6: 2Pac]
When I enter the first zone, worst known mic holder
My Hummer roll up, evacuating strapped soldiers
Inside strategy, manifestin' military styles
Casual tragedy when niggas battle me
My Prophecized prediction, switch and move positions
Separated from his gun and bitch, and watch 'em start snitchin'
I keep spittin', still stupid niggas fail to listen
I personify this thug livin'; Hell or prison
My ammunition varies, my voice carries
Watch me invite the whole world me and the mob gettin' married
It seems horrifying screams pierce the dark
Just as suspected, a trick bitch where is your heart
You mark, watch niggas fall when I call they name
We Outlawz hold your head niggas all the same
Except some who want more out of life than stress
We still thuggin' 'til it's no one left
Don't sleep

[Chorus: Nutt-So]
Murder and pain come wit' the game if you choose to roll
Kickin' doughs, puttin' holes in mothafuckas leavin' hoes disposed of
Nigga lay ya down when I creep, on a mission to send ya six feet
Nigga don’t sleep          
            Lyrics for this song have yet to be released. Please check back once the song has been released.
          
        [Produced by Deon Evans]

[Intro]
Come on, break em off somethin'
Yea, come on break em off somethin' (with that funky funky style)
Come on break em off somethin'
Yea, come on break em off somethin' (with that funky funky style)

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Red light, green light, one, two, three
Tell me why O.P.D. sweatin' me
Is it for the major grip that I'm makin'
Is it for the fact that 'Pac don't be fakin'
Best think before you draw black
I ain't the one to bite my tongue, 2Pacalypse will smoke back
And I don't need a posse, my Glocks like a pocket full of rockies
Takin' out the cop team
Don't mock me, sucka just jock me
Fifty to the first that can drop me
Better talk it like ya walk it when we swing 'em
Yea little square we can sling 'em
Got a posse you can bring 'em
Watch me, pop, pop, bang, boom, ping 'em
Big D's in the house, pass the crazy horse
'Cause them suckaz can't fade me, yeah

[Chorus]
(Yea!, yea Mopreme Shakur, thug life, Outlaw)
Kill a nigga kill a nigga (strictly representing)
Come on, break em off somethin'
Yea, come on break em off somethin' (with that funky funky style)
Kill a nigga kill a nigga
Come on break em off somethin'
Yea, come on break em off somethin' (with that funky funky style)

[Verse 2: Dub-C]
Now make a make a way here I come with a clip
Dub-C and they got me on some freestyle type shit huh
So nigga go and run hard as you can and take cover
Mad circle mutilate motherfuckers
And I can't stand them niggas in [?]
Fuck a dancer, I'm hoopin' 'cause my crew don't dance
Khakis and them steel toe boots is how we roll
Madder than a serial killer on a hoe stroll
And I don't know about y'all but I'm down to rep
Packin' all these niggas who be dissin' the underground
Motherfuck god, I diss 'em on wax
Catch 'em slippin' backstage start fadin' they ass
Oops there goes that ghetto mentality
The same reason you never see my video on your T.V
'Cause we don't say what they want us to say
Fuck rhythm and blues and the police too fool
You niggas can't stop me if I gave ya a free steel to the jaw, you still couldn't drop me
So don't try to sneak on that creep tip
'Cause you'll get that ass kicked quick bitch
So go in the house y'all here comes that crazy nigga flippin' on the mailman and innocent bystanders
Suckers will get knocked down
Dub-C bringin' noise from the mother fuckin' underground

[Chorus]
Kill a nigga kill a nigga
Come on, break 'em off somethin'
Yea, come on break 'em off somethin' (with that funky funky style)
Kill a nigga, kill a nigga
Come on break 'em off somethin'
Yea, come on break em off somethin' (with that funky funky style)

[Bridge: Money B]
Wicked wicked, in that Oak Town fashion
Wicked wicked, in that Oak Town fashion
Wicked wicked, in that Oak Town fashion
Wicked Money B, I am that odical dodge
(Who's bad?)

[Verse 3: Money B]
I'm the worst-est wicked as I wanna be
Stand if you want to, but don't you dare stand in front of me
Daddy Mack trickin', what you did then all fuckin' shit up
Well here's a little more dick for you to suck
And all these years that I be rappin'
Styles that I'll be flashin'
Kind of like Nike, I never have to ask questions
All it takes, is a place, and a place, and a time and a rhyme
If I find ya, you'll be hidin' in my face
I'll be on it like a [?]
Stingin' like a bumble
Out the trunk with this funky attitude
Fuck the humble
Got this stamina to be on the mic
Mashin' in the stance with the stylist boots
I'm a bout to catch a bulge in my pants
And the bigger the butt, the bigger the nut
That I mistrust
I can catch a bum rush
Layin' in the cut, like a panther on the prowl
So agile
Don't ask scoop
You're not a now
But I'll tellin' MC how, we should
Take ya time, take ya, take ya, take ya time
Mc's take ya time, before ya start the rhyme
Yes!
Take ya time, take ya, take ya, take ya time
MC's take ya time, before ya start the rhyme
So are you Filthy McNasty?, rappin' too fast
Ask me, I say we slow and flow and roll ya ass
Peace to Down W, Big D, 2Pac, and Mack
Sideways to your mommas house

[Chorus]
Kill a nigga kill a nigga
Come on, break 'em off somethin'
Yea, come on break 'em off somethin' (with that funky funky style)
Kill a nigga, kill a nigga
Come on break 'em off somethin'
Yea, come on break 'em off somethin' (with that funky funky style)

[Verse 4: Deb-E]
I shift the nigga no respect 'fore he plays me
Come off that bullshit fool you can save these
[?] you gets no props
And if you think I'm fuckin' around, hear the gun pop
Gotta break your ass off, some of that reality
Niggas don't know about the D to the E to the B
So I start kickin', the funky ass [?] shit
The shit on the microphone motherfuckers can't fuck with
You want something to play with?
Warm your ass like gum
As I push in the clip pump pump
From a woman's perspective
Live from the motherland, here's my objective
Let this microphone pump
As I pump and stomp huh
To make a fly guy gotta shake they rumps
[?] too much
Money B and W.C. the D.E.B down with the motherfuckin S.T[Intro: 2Pac]
Who'll be the last motherfucker breathin'?
Tell me, nigga, tell me
Who'll be the last motherfucker breathin'?

[Hook: 2Pac]
Stressed but busta free
Enemies give me reason
To be the last motherfucker breathin'
Bustin' my automatic rounds
Catch 'em while they sleepin'
Now I'm the last motherfucker breathin'
Stressed but busta free
Enemies give me reason
To be the last motherfucker breathin'
Bustin' my automatic rounds
Catch 'em while they sleepin'
Now I'm the last motherfucker breathin'

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Woke up with 50 enemies plottin' my death
All 50 seein' visions of me shot in the chest
Couldn't rest, nah nigga, I was stressed
Had me creepin' 'round corners, homie, sleepin' in my vest
Shit, I'm like a hostage on this troubled block, call the cops
A thug nigga screamin' Westside, bustin' double Glocks
Hittin' corners in my Chevy Suburban
Liquor got me drivin' up on the curb
Hand on the steerin' wheel, swervin'
Bless me, Father, I'm a sinner, I'm livin' in hell
Just let me live on the streets ‘cause ain't no peace for me in jail
Gettin' world-wide exposure
With a bunch of niggas that don't give a fuck, ridin' as my soldiers
I just release 'em on a war path, not your average dealer
Westside, Outlaw, Bad Boy killer
Complete my mission, my competition no longer beefin'
I murdered all them bustas, now I'm the last motherfucker breathin'

[Hook: 2Pac]
Stressed but busta free
Enemies give me reason
To be the last motherfucker breathin'
Bustin' my automatic rounds
Catch 'em while they sleepin'
Now I'm the last motherfucker breathin'

[Verse 2: Young Noble]
Make sure I hold my position, stand firm in the dirt
For all my soldiers gone we burnin' the Earth
Outlawz worldwide, we pack the block
Shootin' rocks at the kid, I'll bust back for Pac
Ask Yak, he'll tell you that it's hell down here
Stale down here, too many jails down here
Why you act like you don't hear me?
Young Noble, Outlaw 'til these motherfuckers kill me
I'm still breathin'

[Verse 3: Napoleon]
Now, we was raised "fuck this life," my wrongs, my rights
Holdin' on a tight grip, with death in my sight
And the dark is my light, I'm cynical, sleep walkin' as a true
Walk around town with a pound full of bitter food
Came a long way from my born day
Dead away where there's war play
Fuck friends! I'll say, rather die for my A-K
With these fag ass niggas, see-through-glass ass niggas
Only-ride-my-dick-and-the-skin-of-my-mash ass niggas

[Hook: 2Pac]
Stressed but busta free
Enemies give me reason
To be the last motherfucker breathin'
Bustin' my automatic rounds
Catch 'em while they sleepin'
Now I'm the last motherfucker breathin'

[Verse 4: Kastro]
I walk around with a knife in my back
Talkin' 'bout a bad day—I live a life like that
It's severe, and I'm losin' my hair, bless a hooligan
Catch me, I'm fallin' out flat yo, I'm ruined and
Breathin' in sewer stench, no one give a fuck about me
I learned to like it like that when I was still in Mommy
The side of the city that the Devil run from
In the belly of the beast, that's where the fuck we come from
And still I'm breathin'!

[Verse 5: E.D.I Mean]
And still I'm totally wasted, they want me to face this
Just lost two of my closest na'r, one of y'all can take this
But I'm Makaveli trained, simple and plain
We number one, motherfucker, 'bout to do it again
Shit, Pac still doin' it, you hoes can't ruin it
Two million every time he drop, I know you fuckers losin' it
We movin' in for the kill, for a meal, holdin' steel
Hold the wheel
I'm 'bout to give these niggas somethin' they can feel
Fakin' real, but we the raw and uncut
Style-bitin', thug-lyin' niggas, give it up! We hit 'em up!

[Interlude: E.D.I]
And we still breathin' and we still breathin'…
(Who'll be the last motherfuckers breathin'?)

[Collision: 2Pac]
Tell 'em! Nigga, tell 'em! (And we still breathin'…)
Who'll be the last motherfuckers breathin'?

[Hook: 2Pac]
Stressed but busta free
Enemies give me reason
To be the last motherfucker breathin'
Bustin' my automatic rounds
Catch 'em while they sleepin'
Now I'm the last motherfucker breathin'
Stressed but busta free
Enemies give me reason
To be the last motherfucker breathin'
Bustin' my automatic rounds
Catch 'em while they sleepin'
Now I'm the last motherfucker breathin'[Intro: Dave Hollister]
Brenda's got a baby

[Verse: 2Pac]
I hear Brenda's got a baby, but Brenda's barely got a brain
A damn shame, the girl can hardly spell her name
"That's not our problem, that's up to Brenda's family"
Well, let me show you how it affects our whole community
Now Brenda really never knew her moms
And her dad was a junkie, puttin' death into his arms
It's sad, 'cause I bet Brenda doesn't even know
Just 'cause you're in the ghetto doesn't mean you can't grow
But oh, that's a thought, my own revelation
Do whatever it takes to resist the temptation
Brenda got herself a boyfriend
Her boyfriend was her cousin, now let's watch the joy end
She tried to hide her pregnancy, from her family
Who really didn't care to see, or give a damn if she
Went out and had a church of kids
As long as when the check came they got first dibs
Now Brenda's belly's gettin' bigger
But no one seems to notice any change in her figure
She's twelve years old and she's havin' a baby
In love with a molester, who's sexin' her crazy
And yet and she thinks that he'll be with her forever
And dreams of a world where the two of them are together
Whatever, he left her and she had the baby solo
She had it on the bathroom floor and didn't know, so
She didn't know what to throw away and what to keep
She wrapped the baby up and threw him in a trash heap
I guess she thought she'd get away, wouldn't hear the cries
She didn't realize how much the little baby had her eyes
Now the baby's in the trash heap, bawlin'
Momma can't help her, but it hurt to hear her callin'
Brenda wants to run away
Momma say you makin' me lose pay
There's social workers here every day
Now Brenda's gotta make her own way
Can't go to her family, they won't let her stay
No money, no babysitter, she couldn't keep a job
She tried to sell crack but end up gettin' robbed
So now, what's next? There ain't nothin' left to sell
So she sees sex as a way of leavin' hell
It's payin' the rent, so she really can't complain
Prostitute, found slain, and Brenda's her name
She's got a baby[Intro: 2Pac]
Hey
Watch me
Wipe em scared
Oh
Why is it that we gotta be
(Watch your back)
Contactin niggas in the cemetery
Funeral homes
Buried
Seein' all my homiez burried
Moms all worried and shit
Why is so many black brothaz dyin
One day we can all be together smokin weed gettin high
Maybe in our dreams over sheds is reality
Wheres your family at?
Niggas say one love
Fuck one Love nigga
One Nation

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Now it's time for
Retaliation, perpetrating get you punished, how could you
Cross the nigga that put food inside your stomach?
Watch me
Point the pussy out the crowd time to pay for
Past discretions, never learned your lessons in this deadly war
Let's explore the possibilities, them niggas killing me
Head all busted
Over this trick nigga I trusted, now it's
Hard to figure knew this nigga for eternity
And, never in my deepest thoughts figured he could turn on me

[Verse 2: Buckshot]
So many to choose from
Niggas close to me I wonder how I lose them (How I lose one)
Maybe because I put them on the podium before me (Oh yes)
I use to think that's how it should be
Until them niggas cross me, it's different now (Different now)
Bitches wait until I got cold (Turn it up)
And told a boldfaced lie (Lie)
But still I never asked why (Turn it up) (Why?)
I keep stepping with my weapon on queue
Cause now I got my eye on you (Got my eyes on you)
Before my crew, remember how you do
Now you want to pursue
The B.D Buck just because your jealous as a motherfucker (Jealous as a
Motherfucker)

[Chorus: Smif-N-Wessun & 2Pac]
Every man has a right to decide his, own destiny
In the end it's
And in this judgment there is, no partiality
So arm in arms (Arm in arms)
We fight to live and struggle (Fight to live and struggle)
Overcome all the troubles
Your fight is my fight (Your fight)
Your fight (Your Life)
Your fight (Your fight) (Your fight is my fight)
Your fight (Your Life)
What you gonna do?

[Verse 3: 2Pac]
Now if my memory serves me justly
I showed you love but you the same one that tried to fuck me
And now I got this pistol pointed at your mouth, ready to squeeze
You see, snitching is an epidemic killing disease
Exit
Throw your gun away, take your time, free your mind
Forget about the crime, and it will all go away in time
My information strictly based on niggas faces
Past cases with the law, plus a life of living raw
Brothaz at arms

[Chorus: Smif-N-Wessun & 2Pac]
Every man has a right to decide his, own destiny
In the end it's
And in this judgment there is, no partiality
So arm in arms (Arm in arms)
We fight to live and struggle (Fight to live and struggle)
And that's the only way to
Overcome all the troubles
Your fight is my fight (Your fight)
Let's get it on now
Your fight is my fight (Your fight)
Let's get it on now
Your fight is my fight (Your fight)
Let's get it on now
(What? Say what?)
Let's get it on now
Uh

[Outro: Steele]
My fight is your fight, we could do this all day and all night
So I tell you what, One Nation, we gon' set up this plantation
This foundation, and we gon' take it to the real enemy
The one who ain't a friend of me
The one, the war continues, the struggle continues
All solider's be friends of me[Intro]
Bury me a G

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Tell me how can I survive
Remember me? Life as a G
These money making activities is killin' me
I'm tryna ball but this alcohol making me hurl
Paranoid like its me against the world
Will I live or die?
My only question: When I ride will I be murdered, a victim of some homicide, did I deserve it?
My life is full of misery
Forgive me Lord
The streets are full of enemies watch over me
Intoxicated I can barely see
I can't sleep having dreams somebody's killing me
Am I sane?
My life is pain and I'm stressin'
Brothaz be trippin'
They open fire where I rest
Hopin' for death
But I'm still livin' every breath
Won't be for me
Retaliation every death
Lets make em' bleed
Cause do or die is the only way
And though I pray
I can see you getting sicker everyday

[Hook: 2Pac]
And I ain't got time for snitches
Gotta keep my mind on my money and my riches
Even when I die they don't worry me
Mama don't cry, bury me a G
See I ain't got time for snitches
Gotta keep my mind on my money and my riches
Even when I die they don't worry me
Mama don't cry, bury me a G

[Verse 2: Mutah (Napoleon)]
Something about this game that keep a shory holler for pain
But when the ???jump from the front??? I'mma do my thing
I got problems, so I loc'd up, when they killed my parents
??? so i took the hit for granted, and a revolver will be my only hope for escape, talking 'bout doing the same
But the feeling can wait, who can you blame on these inner-city streets?
They screaming out 'Peace!', but everybody is deceased
Just bury me a G...

[Verse 3: K-Dog (Kastro)]
Nah, I ain't afraid, just pary that I make top-grade
In the stray, getting paid is the way i play (what?) for keeps[Intro]
Bury me  a g, bury me  a g, thug life know the time it is, feel me

[Verse 1]
Thinkin' back, reminiscin' on my teens
A young G, gettin' paid over dope fiends
Fuckin' off cash that I made
Nigga, what's the sense of workin' hard, if you never get to play
I'm hustlin', stayin' out 'til it's dawn
And comin' home at 6 o'Clock in the mornin'
Hand's on my Glock, eyes on the prize
Finger on the trigger when a nigga ride
And I be Shootin' craps, bustin' niggas out the door
Pick my money off the floor, God bless the tre-four
Stuck on full, drunk again
Spill a little liquor for the homies in the pen'
Say them thug life niggas be like major pimps
Stickin' to the rules wasn't made to simp
Keep my finger on my Mac mane
The crack game ain't shit
Niggas trippin' in this rap game, bury me a G

[Hook]
I ain't got time for bitches
Gotta keep my mind on my motherfuckin' riches
Even when I die, they won't worry me
Mama don't cry, bury me a G
(and I) I ain't got time for bitches
Gotta keep my mind on my motherfuckin' riches
Even when I die, they won't worry me
Mama don't cry, bury me a G

[Verse 2]
And I'll be stayin' strapped
My Mac-11 make my nuts bigger
I keep my finger on the trigger for you jealous niggas
Wonder why a motherfuckers nutty, and why I'm up worried
When I see a cemetery full of dead buddies
Mama told me "son, don't lie"
And Mama's in the back smokin' crack and a nigga wanna die
Can't cry cause I'm loc'd up
Choked up, nigga puffing on that indo getting fucked up
And in the back of my mind, I know I'm wrong
Alcohol make a young motherfucker think he ballin'
Collect calls to my old bitches, send more pictures
On the phone, tryin' to bone cause I miss ya
Back on the streets I'm losin' focus
I'm hopeless, homies dyin' over small time dope shit
Keep my finger on my Mac man
The crack game ain't shit
Niggas trippin' in this rap game, bury me a G

[Hook]
I ain't got time for bitches
Gotta keep my mind on my motherfuckin' riches
Even when I die, they won't worry me
Mama don't cry, bury me a G
I ain't got time for bitches
Gotta keep my mind on my motherfuckin' riches
Even when I die, they won't worry me
Mama don't cry, bury me a G

[Verse 3]
So you wanna make a million?
And motherfuckers catchin' drug cases
I place my Glock outside my waist and keep a thug face
Even on a good day!, gotta stay strapped
Livin' in my hood, hey!
Niggas will spray caps
And everybody wanna go to heaven, don't nobody wanna pray
So I stay clutchin' on my AK
Murderin' niggas that oppose me
That's how it goes, you motherfuckers try to play me and the homies
Time to make my get-away
I hid away in the backstreets
Couldn't let the police jack me
Gotta be quiet, I'm on the down low
I got that ya-yo movin' by the pound so
When the police try me out, fuck the judge
Got a homie that'll bond me out, straight love
Keep my finger on my Mac man
The crack game ain't shit
Niggas trippin' in this rap game, bury me a G

[Hook]
I ain't got time for bitches
Gotta keep my mind on my motherfuckin' riches
Even when I die, they won't worry me
Mama don't cry, bury me a G
I ain't got time for bitches
Gotta keep my mind on my motherfuckin' riches
Even when I die, they won't worry me
Mama don't cry, bury me a G

[Verse 4]
Stuck on fool, Tanqueray got a nigga high
Lord knows I don't need another DUI
I lead a Thug Life, heartless hustler
Just cause I fucked, don't mean I trust her
Now my pagers vibratin', can't sleep
So I'm mobbin' to the ho's house, bumpin' Isley
"Is it cool to fuck?" That's what I'm askin'
Bitch recognized game and started laughin'
Now I'm all in the guts and shit
Prayin' that a nigga don't nut too quick
Cause I'll fuck and get up, I'll let you know
I'll be a 10 minute brother for a $2 ho
Lots of hoes gettin' mad as shit
I let a trick be a trick, you can have that bitch
Keep my finger on my Mac man
The crack game ain't shit
Niggas trippin' in this rap game, bury me a G

[Hook]
I ain't got time for bitches
Gotta keep my mind on my motherfuckin' riches
Even when I die, they won't worry me
Mama don't cry, bury me a G
(cause) I ain't got time for bitches
Gotta keep my mind on my motherfuckin' riches
Even when I die, they won't worry me
Mama don't cry, bury me a G
I ain't got time for bitches
Gotta keep my mind on my motherfuckin' riches
Even when I die, they won't worry me
Mama don't cry, bury me a G
(cause)I ain't got time for bitches
Gotta keep my mind on my motherfuckin' riches
Even when I die, they won't worry me
Mama don't cry, bury me a G
(cause)I ain't got time for bitches
Gotta keep my mind on my motherfuckin' riches
Even when I die, they won't worry me
Mama don't cry, bury me a G
(cause)I ain't got time for bitches
Gotta keep my mind on my motherfuckin' riches
Even when I die, they won't worry me
Mama don't cry, bury me a G
Now I ain't got time for bitches, bitches, bitches..[Chorus: Roger Troutman]
California love
California knows how to party
California knows how to party
In the city of L.A
In the city of good ol' Watts
In the city, the city of Compton
We keep it rockin', we keep it rockin'

[Verse 1: Dr. Dre]
Now let me welcome everybody to the Wild Wild West
A state that's untouchable like Eliot Ness
The track hits your eardrum like a slug to your chest
Pack a vest for your Jimmy in the city of sex
We in that sunshine state where the bomb-ass hemp be
The state where you never find a dance floor empty
And pimps be on a mission for them greens
Lean mean money-making-machines servin' fiends
I been in the game for 10 years makin' rap tunes
Ever since honeys was wearin' Sassoon
Now it's '95 and they clock me and watch me
Diamonds shinin', lookin' like I robbed Liberace
It's all good, from Diego to the Bay
Your city is the bomb if your city makin' pay
Throw up a finger if you feel the same way
Dre puttin' it down for Californ-i-a

[Chorus: Roger Troutman]
California knows how to party
California knows how to party (Yes, they do)
In the city of L.A
In the city of good ol' Watts
In the city, the city of Compton
We keep it rockin', we keep it rockin'

[Bridge: Roger Troutman]
Shake, shake it, baby
Shake, shake it, mama
Shake it, Cali
Shake it, shake it, baby
Shake it, shake it, shake it, shake it

[Verse 2: 2Pac & Dr. Dre]
Out on bail, fresh out of jail, California dreamin'
Soon as I step on the scene, I'm hearin' hoochies screamin'
Fiendin' for money and alcohol, the life of a Westside player
Where cowards die and the strong ball
Only in Cali where we riot, not rally, to live and die
In L.A. we wearin' Chucks, not Ballys (yeah, that's right)
Dressed in Locs and Khaki suits, and ride is what we do
Flossin' but have caution: we collide with other crews
Famous because we throw grams
Worldwide, let them recognize from Long Beach to Rosecrans
Bumpin' and grindin' like a slow jam
It's Westside, so you know the Row won't bow down to no man
Say what you say, but give me that bomb beat from Dre
Let me serenade the streets of L.A
From Oakland to Sac-town, the Bay Area and back down
Cali is where they put their mack down; give me love!

[Chorus: Roger Troutman]
California knows how to party
California knows how to party (Yes, they do)
In the city of L.A
In the city of good ol' Watts
In the city, the city of Compton
We keep it rockin', we keep it rockin'

[Ad-Libs: Dr. Dre & 2Pac]
South Central
Uh, that's right
Now make it shake

[Bridge: Roger Troutman]
Shake, shake it, baby
Shake, shake it, mama
Shake it, Cali
Shake it, shake it, baby
Shake it, shake it, shake it, shake it

[Ad-Libs: Dr. Dre]
Shake it, Cali
Uh, uh, West Coast
Uh, yeah, uh, uh, Long Beach in the house
Uh, yeah, Oaktown
Oakland definitely in the house
Frisco, Frisco

[Outro: 2Pac & Dr. Dre]
And you know L.A. up in here
Pasadena, where you at?
Yeah, Inglewood
Inglewood always up to no good
Even Hollywood tryin' to get a piece, baby
Sacramento, Sacramento where you at?
Throw it up, y'all! Throw it up, throw it up!
I can't see ya
Let's show these fools how we do it over on this Westside
'Cause you and I know it's the best side
Yeah, that's right
West Coast, West Coast[Intro: George Clinton]
The blind stares of a million pairs of eyes
Lookin' hard but won't realize
That they will never see the P!
You must be goin' blind

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Give me my money in stacks and lace my bitches with dime figures
Real niggas fingers on nickel-plated 9 triggers
Must see my enemies defeated
I catch 'em while they coked up and weeded
Open fire, now them niggas bleedin'
See me in flesh and test and get your chest blown
Straight out the West, don't get blown
My adversaries cry like hoes, open and shut like doors
Is you a friend or foe? Nigga, you ain't know?
They got me stressed out on Death Row
I've seen money, but baby, I've gots to get mo'
You screamin', "Go 2Pac!" and I ain't stoppin' till I'm well-paid
Bail's paid now, nigga, look what hell made
Visions of cops and sirens, niggas open fire
Bunch of Thug Life niggas on the rise, until I die
Ask me why I'm a boss player gettin' high
And when I'm rollin' by niggas can't see me!

[Chorus: George Clinton]
The stares of a million pairs of eyes
And you'll never realize
You can't see me

[Verse 2: 2Pac]
Been gettin' word that these square motherfuckers with nerves
Sayin' they can get with us, but picture me gettin' served
My own mama say I'm thugged out
My shit be poppin' out the record store as if it was a drug house
My lyrics bang like a Crip or Blood
Nigga what! It ain't nothin' but a party when we thug
And there I was, a young nigga with heart, ain't had shit to lose
Pullin' my pistol on them fools, you know the rules
D-R-E, you got me heated; my words like a penitentiary dick
Hittin' bitches where it's most needed
Money and weed, Alizé and Hennessy
To my thug niggas in lock down: witness me
Bail on these hoes in floss-mode
The life of a boss player, fuck what you thought though
My enemies deceased
Die like a bitch when my album hit the streets; niggas can't see me!

[Chorus: George Clinton & 2Pac]
Niggas can't see me
They can't see me
Which way did he go, George?
Which way did he go?
Oh!! Which way did he go?
Which way did he go?

[Verse 3: 2Pac]
You niggas made a mistake
You should've never put my rhymes with Dre
Them thug niggas have arrived and it's judgement day
Hey homie, if you feel me
Tell them tricks that shot me that they missed, they ain't kill me
I can make a motherfucker shake, rattle and roll
I'm full of liquor, thug nigga, quick to jab at them hoes
And I can make you jealous niggas famous
Fuck around with 2Pac and see how good a nigga's aim is
I'm just a rich motherfucker from the way
If this rappin' bring me money, then I'm rappin' till I'm paid
I'm gettin' green like I'm supposed to
Nigga, I holla at these hoes and see how many I can go through
Look to the star and visualize my debut
Niggas know me, player, I gotta stay true
Don't be a dumb motherfucker 'cause it's crazy after dark
Where the true thug-niggas see your heart; niggas can't see me!

[Interlude: 2Pac]
Yo, check this out: stay off his dick

[Outro: George Clinton & 2Pac]
Niggas can't see me
Right before your eyes, I'll disappear from here
You niggas can't see me
You can't see me
I know it's hard nigga, I'm all up in your face
But you still can't see me
You can't see me
All up in your range, but niggas can't see me
20/20 vision won't visualize
I'm in the flesh, baby, but you can't see me
All those glasses won't help you realize
You blinded, you blinded, you can't see me
You can't see me

Thug Life, baby
Don't believe everything you read!
Alizé and weed
You can't see me, right before your very eyes
You won't even visualize, you can't see me
Dr. Dre all day, 2Pac
Niggas can't see me
I dedicate this to you punk motherfuckers!
This one's for you, BIG baby
'Cause you bitch-ass niggas can't see me
Niggas can't see me
You can't see me

See no evil, hear no evil, speak no evil
You won't see me
Yeah, first you see me, now you don't
Wanna see me, but you won't
Come to see me, but you can't
Oh, you can't see me
You can't see me
Right between your eyes and you'll never realize
Right before your eyes, you won't even realize
Visualize what you can't seeCan u c the pride in the pantha
as he glows in splendor and grace
Toppling OBSTACLES placed in the way
of the progression of his race

Can u c the pride in the Pantha
as she nurtures her young all alone
The seed must grow regardless
of the fact that it's planted in stone

CAN'T u c the Pride in the panthas
as they unify as one
The flower blooms with brilliance
and outshines the ray of the Sun[Intro: 2Pac and Anya talking]
Whassup? It's 2Pac. Can you get away?
Let me come swoop you up
(You know I got a man)
I know you got a man, but he ain't gon' mind if I take you out
(Of course he gon' mind)
Let me take you to lunch, I'll have you back before he even get home, before anybody see
(I can't, he ain't gon' let me
Aww c'mon! Pleeeeeease...
(Nah)
Oh aight – what's wrong with your eye?
Why you got on glasses?

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Ever since I met ya I could peep the pressure
It's like your man don't understand, all he does is stress ya
I can see your state of misery from the introduction
Ain't 'bout no suckin' and touchin', just harmless discussion
Maybe we can see a better way, find a brighter day
Late night phone conversations – would that be OK?
I don't wanna take up all your time, be the next in line
Tell me your size, let me find you things with you in mind
I can see you're cautious and I'm careful not to scare you
The anticipation of love makin'
Got you shakin' when I'm standin' near you
News of precision will prepare ya
In case you get scared, just ask the man in the mirror
Now the picture's gettin' clearer
All he does is hit you hard
I tell you to leave him, and you tell me keep my faith in God
I don't understand, I just wanna bring ya home
I wonder should I leave you alone
And find a woman of my own
All the homies tell me that you don't deserve it
I contemplate – but in my heart I know you worth it
Tell me, can you get away?

Ebony, can you get away?
C'mon… Let's go… Can you get away?
Can you get away?

[Hook: Anya Pinto & (2Pac)]
So much pressure in the air (I know, I know)
And I can't get away (Just for a little while love)
I'm not happy here (I know it's hard but, can you get away?)
So much pressure in the air
(Let's go man, get up outta there, can you get away?)
And I can't get away (Do you love him?)
I'm not happy here (Do you love that man?)

[Verse 2: 2Pac]
Could it be my destiny to be lonely?
Ain't checkin' for these hoochies that be on me
‘Cause they phony
But you was different, I got no need to be suspicious
‘Cause I can tell, my life with you would be delicious
The way you lick your lips and shake your hips got me addicted
I'm sittin' here hopin' that we can find some way to kick it
Even though I got your digits, gotta struggle to resist it
Slowly advance when it's my chance not to miss it
You blow me kisses when he ain't lookin'
Now your heart's tooken
My only wish is that you change your mind and he get shook
Wanna take you there but you scared to follow
Come see tomorrow
Hopin' I can take you through the pain and sorrow
Let you know I care – that someone's there for your struggle
Depend on me, when you have needs or there's trouble
I wanna give you happiness and maybe even more
I told you before, no time to waste
We can hook up at the store. Can you get away?

[Hook: Anya Pinto & (2Pac)]
So much pressure in the air (I know it is)
And I can't get away (Yeah, you can)
I'm not happy here (You ain't happy, huh? Can you get away?)
So much pressure in the air (I know… is he beatin' on you?)
And I can't get away (Did he punch you?)
I'm not happy here (Throwin' you around the house?)

[Verse 3: 2Pac]
I sit here reminiscin' and I hope you listenin'
In the position to pressure and offer competition
Me and you was meant to be my destiny, no longer lonely
‘Cause now it's on for you and me, all I can see
A happy home – that's my fantasy
But my reality is problems with your man and me
What can I do? Don't wanna lose you to this sucker
‘Cause if he touch ya, I got some drama for that busta
Don't wanna rush ya, but make your mind up fast
Nobody knows, on who controls will it last?
Before I ask, I hope you see that I'm sincere
And even if you stay with him today I'm still here
I refuse to give up, ‘cause I believe in what we share
You're livin' in prison and what he's givin' can't compare
‘Cause everything I feel for you I wanna let you know
Passionately yours and I'll never let you go
Tell me, can you get away?

[Hook: Anya Pinto & (2Pac)]
So much pressure in the air (Can't get away why?)
And I can't get away
I'm not happy here
(Let me take you away, all I wanna know, can you get away?)
So much pressure in the air (Man)
And I can't get away (Course you can get away)
I'm not happy here
(If you really wanted to get away, you could get away)

[Outro: 2Pac]
You ain't got to go through all this drama and this stress
With this old half a man, ya know what I'm sayin'?
I ain't tryin' to put you in a position
Where you gotta give up your lifestyle for everything
You need, but now… he ain't even takin' care of you
He beatin' on you and shit; look how you look!
You too motherfuckin' raw to be with that nigga
Ya know what I'm sayin'?
Shake that sucker to the left
Let me show you what this life is really about
Ya know what I'm sayin'? You need to be on first class
Need to be goin' to Hawaii, seein' the world
Seein' what this world got to offer you
Not goin' to, ya know what I'm sayin'?
The emergency room, gettin' stitches
‘Cause this nigga done got jealous. Don't cry, it's all good

[2Pac and Anya talking again]
Can you take me from here?
Shake that man, get away
Can you take me from here?
I'ahhhhhm unhappy here
And I need you to show me love
Because it's so much pressure now
And I neeeeed to get awayyyheyyyeahhhCan you see the pride in the Panther
As he grows in splendor and grace
Toppling obstacles placed in the way,
of the progression of his race.

Can you see the pride in the Panther
as she nurtures her young all alone
The seed must grow regardless
of the fact that it is planted in stone.

Can you see the pride in the Panther
as they unify as one.
The flower blooms with brilliance,
and outshines the rays of the sun.[Intro: 2Pac]
Turn it up loud
Hahaha, ahahaha, hey man
You a little sucker for love, right?
Word up, hahahahaha

[Verse 1: 2pac]
I shoulda seen
You was trouble right from the starrrrt, taught me so many lessons
How not to mess with broken hearts, so many questions
When this began we was the perfect match, perhaps
We had some problems but we workin at it, and now
The arguments are gettin loud, I wanna say
But I can't help from walkin out just a little way
Just take my hand and understand, if you could see
I never planned to be a man it just wasn't me
But now I'm searchin for commitment, in other arms
I wanna shelter you from harm, don't be alarmed
Your attitude was the cause, you got me stressin
Soon as I open up the door with your jealous questions
Like where can I be you're killin me with your jealousy
Now my ambition's to be free
I can't breathe, cause soon as I leave, it's like a trap
I hear you callin me to come back, I'm a sucka for love

[Hook: girl singing with 2pac]
I'm never gonna dance again, hahahaha thats right
Guilty feet have got no rhythm sucka for love
Though it's easy to pretend
I know you're not a fool, a sucka for love

Should've known better than to cheat a friend
And waste the chance that I've been given, a sucka for love
So I'm never gonna dance again
The way I danced with you

Just when I thought I broke away and I'm fellin happy
You try to trap me say you pregnant and guess who the daddy
Don't wanna fall for it, but in this case what could I do? So now I'm back
To makin promises to you, tryin to keep it true
What if I'm wrong, a trick to keep me on and on
Tryin to be strong and in the process, keep you goin
I'm bout to lose my composure, I'm gettin close
To packin up and leavin notes, and gettin ghost
Tell me who knows, a peaceful place where I can go
To clear my head I'm feelin low, losin control
My heart is sayin leave, oh what a tangle web we weave
When we conspire to conceive, and now
You gettin calls at the house, guess you cheatin
That's all I need to hear cause I'm leavin, I'm out the do'
Never no more will you see me, this is the end
Cause now I know you've been cheatin, I'm a sucka for love

I'm never gonna dance again, hahahaha thats right
Guilty feet have got no rhythm, sucka for love
Though it's easy to pretend
I know you're not a fool, a sucka for love

Should've known better than to cheat a friend
And waste the chance that I've been given, a sucka for love
So I'm never gonna dance again
The way I danced with you

[Verse 2: 2pac]Now he left you with scars, tears on your pillow and you still stay
As you sit and pray, hoping the beatings'll go away
It wasn't always a hit and run relationship
It use to be love, happieness and companionship
Remember when I treated you good
I moved you up to hills, out the ills of the ghetto hood
Me and you a happy home, when it was on
I had a love to call my own
I shoulda seen you was trouble but I was lost, trapped in your eyes
Preoccupied with gettin tossed, no need to lie
You had a man and I knew it, you told me
Don't worry bout it we can do it now I'm under pressure
Make a decision cause I'm waitin, when I'm alone
I'm on the phone havin secret conversations, huh
I wanna take your misery, replace it with happiness
But I need your faith in me, I'm a sucka for love
Hahahha thats right sucka for love
A sucka for love, a sucka for love

[Hook][Intro: 2Pac]
Ahahha all my homeboys might squabble but we don't fall down (never)
Ahahah yeah!, my homeboys might squabble but we don't fall down
Uh, yeah!, my homeboys might squabble but we don't fall down
Westside, westside
Part two of the war

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Cross this nigga here, now Biggie tell me who do you fear?
Ain't a livin' soul breathin' shall pump no fear here
My last foe flashed and I mashed his ass
Bastard, fuck with me, bet I blast your ass
So many follow but can't reach me, caught in the maze
Catch 'em, mimickin' my style tryin' to talk this way
Impossible my posse droppin' you, we Death Row riders
No need to beg, motherfucker, ain't no mercy inside us
Feelin' blessed, the richer I get, the more I stress
Smokin' lye watchin' time fly, waitin' for death
Dear God I been feelin' like I'm close to Jesus
Paranoid with my pistols close, smokin' trees
Keep my eyes on my foes, those close to me
Watchin' niggas catch stray, shake, choke and bleed
Me, a mercenary for the street, check my pedigree
Bustin' motherfuckers it's the thug in me
Now niggas talk a lotta Bad Boy shit, then get to squealin'
Bitch made catchin' feelins

[Hook]
Outlaw niggas, are you ready to clown?
My homeboys might squabble but we don't fall down
Screamin' bye bye bitches, untouchable sound
Niggas hide like hoes when we hit your town
Catchin' feelins
Outlaw niggas, are you ready to clown?
My homeboys might squabble but we don't fall down
Screamin' bye bye bitches, untouchable sound
Niggas hide like hoes when we hit your town
Catchin' feelins

Yeah, Napoleon!

[Verse 2: Napoleon]
Picture me sippin' on 1-5-1
Drunk than a motherfucker droppin' my gun
Or high as a kite hittin' hoes for fun
But that ain't me, dog, my mind's now clear
And that ain't fair, dog, your heart pump fear
In the state I, shoot you better hide nigga, chute is near
And you know just as well I do
You ain't no killer, so kill that, you wouldn't kill if you had to
We might wobble, but we don't fall down
We take the gospel from Makaveli, pass it around
Holla "let's hit", we gon' taste the power
We started the thug trend, the game is ours
Now we coast together, put our thoughts together
Won't question when we die together
Cause the hour soon to come
Kadafi trained soldier, I show you how to use your gun
Bring it

[Hook]
Outlaw niggas, are you ready to clown?
My homeboys might squabble but we don't fall down
Screamin' bye bye bitches, untouchable sound
Niggas hide like hoes when we hit your town
Catchin' feelins
Outlaw niggas, are you ready to clown?
My homeboys might squabble but we don't fall down
Screamin' bye bye bitches, untouchable sound
Niggas hide like hoes when we hit your town
Catchin' feelins

[Verse 3: EDI-Mean]
We yellin' "M-A-D-E N-I-double G-As
Motherfuckas, and we here to stay
From curb surfin', we workin' the industry, you kiddin' me
It's really nothing to me and my king, you see
We in the big things, eat a dick man, if you're hatin'
We're gonna ride 'til the wheels fall off, pay attention
Screamin' "Bye bye bitches, untouchable sound"
Ride or die niggas, and we huntin' you down
Representin' all the real niggas stuck in the trap
Bangin' out with the po-po, tryin' to get to some more
Street life, young strugglers racin' the clock
Ain't no tellin' when it all can end, roll a rock
That's the world with feelings, this a man's world youngin
The bitches in business, so learn a little something
Hey, stop runnin' your mouth, you're on the verge of squealin'
Bitch made catchin' feelins

[Hook]
Outlaw niggas, are you ready to clown?
My homeboys might squabble but we don't fall down
Screamin' bye bye bitches, untouchable sound
Niggas hide like hoes when we hit your town
Catchin' feelins
Outlaw niggas, are you ready to clown?
My homeboys might squabble but we don't fall down
Screamin' bye bye bitches, untouchable sound
Niggas hide like hoes when we hit your town
Catchin' feelins

[Verse 4: Yaki Kadafi]
Everybody's a gangsta, but don't put in work
Instead of puttin' on the armor, niggas put on skirts
These drugs ain't helpin', it only makin' it worse
And the streets ain’t got nothing for me but a hearse
I can't trust the church or the mobs, I can only trust God
And to tell you the truth I gotta ride
I only roll with the real
Cause rollin' with the fake got my loved ones killed

[Hook]
Outlaw niggas, are you ready to clown?
My homeboys might squabble but we don't fall down
Screamin' bye bye bitches, untouchable sound
Niggas hide like hoes when we hit your town
Catchin' feelins
Outlaw niggas, are you ready to clown?
My homeboys might squabble but we don't fall down
Screamin' bye bye bitches, untouchable sound
Niggas hide like hoes when we hit your town
Catchin' feelins
Outlaw niggas, are you ready to clown?
My homeboys might squabble but we don't fall down
Screamin' bye bye bitches, untouchable sound
Niggas hide like hoes when we hit your town
Catchin' feelins
Outlaw niggas, are you ready to clown?
My homeboys might squabble but we don't fall down
Screamin' bye bye bitches, untouchable sound
Niggas hide like hoes when we hit your town
Catchin' feelins[Intro: 2Pac]
Shit, I'm a changed man
Ay, turn the lights out
Big baller 2Pac up in this bitch
Y'know how we swing this shit, look

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
By age sixteen I sold to dope fiends
Not yet a drug dealer, but I watched 'em closely
Until they noticed me
I got the feds wonderin' who broke the law
Far too inhibited for gun smoke, I broke his jaw
Words harder than a fuckin' diamond
Mobile phone call to Simon
Niggas trippin' homey, when we ridin'?
Fuck them slowly like Jodeci
And stick a needle in my eye if I don't live and die for M.O.B
And fuck your homeboys nigga we can drop the guns
I hit your block and we can box for fun
Nigga one on one, last to fall is a ballin' cat
It's Death Row, why the fuck you think we call it that?
So if you knew me in my past life
Don't act like we homeboys, ain't no love in the fast life
I switch gears on them jealous bitches, who do you fear?
The gameplan of a changed man, so what I'm sayin' is

[Hook: Johnta Austin & 2Pac]
I changed plans but I'm still the same old rider
Fuckin' with a changed man
I slang a new dope to the world but the people still buy it
Nigga you fuckin' with a changed man
All my real thug niggas, go and get your hands up
You go and drink the Henn' up
(You fuckin' with a changed man)
A changed man, you're dealin' with a changed man

[Verse 2: T.I.]
In drop top, the Glock cocked
Got rocks in my socks Cops
Spot Watt niggas but hardly stop niggas
Not if they got niggas, doughboys and hot niggas
Who mighta shot niggas but only by skrilla
I'm for respect nowadays they expect me
To be in a Ferrari or the old SL
Or anything you see flashin past and can't catch
Dat's me, gauge on the Escalate back seat - don't creep
Oh what you think, T.I.P and them sweet? (Don't sleep)
Get you hit from your head to your feet (And you don't know me)
I'm fin' ta introduce you to the old me
You walk in, exploded and leave reload
You don't like a rugged nigga, fuck you, blow me
But you will respect me or get it in your neckpiece G
No three niggas here are gonna let me be
Or get you inside there's codes to the streets nigga

[Hook: Johnta Austin & 2Pac]
I changed plans but I'm still the same old rider
You fuckin' with a changed man
I slang a new dope to the world but the people still buy it
Nigga you fuckin' with a changed man
All my real thug niggas, go and get your hands up
You go and drink the Henn' up
(You fuckin' with a changed man)
A changed man, you're dealin' with a changed man
You fuckin' with a changed man

[Verse 3: 2Pac]
A nigga so cold when I flow, bow down to Death Row
Three wheel motion, comin' through coastin'
Who's that nigga in the G-ride
Screamin' out M.O.B.! Nigga we ride
I hit the charts like a stick-up kid
Number 1 in the nation
I fucked the world, the Judge gave me probation
Faced with incarceration
Move tapes like it's big weight, slangin' to the whole nation
GIMME MINE, or I'm blastin' on every song
Murder my enemies, I'm mashin' until I'm gone
One love to my thug niggas
And fuck a bitch, cause a true sister love niggas
Throw yo' hands in the air, close your eyes and hope
Never come against the mass of smoke, on Death Row
My adversaries BLEED
But fuck 'em all 'til the talk cease
Fuckin' with a changed man

[Hook: Johnta Austin & 2Pac]
I changed plans but I'm still the same old rider
You fuckin' with a changed man
I slang a new dope to the world but the people still buy it
Nigga you fuckin' with a changed man
All my real thug niggas, go and get your hands up
You go and drink the Henn' up
You fuckin' with a changed man
A changed man, you're dealin' with a changed man
Nigga you fuckin' with a changed man

[Overlapped hook]
I changed plans but I'm still the same old rider
You fuckin' with a changed man
I slang a new dope to the world but the people still buy it
Nigga you fuckin' with a changed man
All my real thug niggas, go and get your hands up
You go and drink the Henn' up
You fuckin' with a changed man
A changed man, you're dealin' with a changed man
You fuckin' with a changed man

[Collision: 2Pac]
E'rybody think they understand me
Shit, you niggas don't know me
Y'all know that nigga on the rap song
Y'all know that nigga in the movies
You don't know this nigga in 3-D
Real live right up against you in front of yo' face
Shit..
Westside, Outlaw Immortalz, hehehe
Nigga, you fuckin' with a changed man
Hahaha, you fuckin' with a changed man
Hahaha, I ain't the same, you fuckin' with a changed man
We ain't the same, you fuckin' with a changed man
We ain't the same, fuckin' with a changed man
Changed man[Verse 1: 2Pac]
I see no changes, wake up in the morning and I ask myself
Is life worth livin'? Should I blast myself?
I'm tired of bein' poor and, even worse, I'm black
My stomach hurts so I'm lookin' for a purse to snatch
Cops give a damn about a negro
Pull the trigger, kill a nigga, he's a hero
"Give the crack to the kids, who the hell cares?
One less hungry mouth on the welfare!"
First ship 'em dope and let 'em deal to brothers
Give 'em guns, step back, watch 'em kill each other
"It's time to fight back," that's what Huey said
Two shots in the dark, now Huey's dead
I got love for my brother
But we can never go nowhere unless we share with each other
We gotta start makin' changes
Learn to see me as a brother instead of two distant strangers
And that's how it's supposed to be
How can the Devil take a brother if he's close to me?
I'd love to go back to when we played as kids
But things change… and that's the way it is

[Chorus: Talent]
That's just the way it is
Things'll never be the same
That's just the way it is, aww yeah
That's just the way it is
Things'll never be the same
That's just the way it is, aww yeah

[Verse 2: 2Pac]
I see no changes, all I see is racist faces
Misplaced hate makes disgrace to races
We under, I wonder what it takes to make this
One better place, let's erase the wasted
Take the evil out the people, they'll be actin' right
‘Cause both black and white are smokin' crack tonight
And the only time we chill is when we kill each other
It takes skill to be real, time to heal each other
And although it seems heaven-sent
We ain't ready to see a black president
It ain't a secret, don't conceal the fact
The penitentiary's packed and it's filled with blacks
But some things will never change
Try to show another way but you stayin' in the dope game
Now tell me, what's a mother to do?
Bein' real don't appeal to the brother in you
You gotta operate the easy way
"I made a G today," but you made it in a sleazy way
Sellin' crack to the kids
"I gotta get paid!" — well hey, but that's the way it is

[Chorus: Talent]
That's just the way it is
Things'll never be the same
That's just the way it is, aww yeah
That's just the way it is
Things'll never be the same
That's just the way it is, aww yeah

[Interlude: 2Pac]
We gotta make a change
It's time for us as a people to start makin' some changes
Let's change the way we eat
Let's change the way we live
And let's change the way we treat each other
You see the old way wasn't workin'
So it's on us to do what we gotta do to survive

[Verse 3: 2Pac]
And still I see no changes; can't a brother get a little peace?
It's war on the streets and a war in the Middle East
Instead of war on poverty
They got a war on drugs so the police can bother me
And I ain't never did a crime I ain't have to do
But now I'm back with the facts, givin' it back to you
Don't let 'em jack you up, back you up
Crack you up and pimp-smack you up
You gotta learn to hold your own
They get jealous when they see you with your mobile phone
But tell the cops they can't touch this
I don't trust this, when they try to rush I bust this
That's the sound of my tool
You say it ain't cool, my mama didn't raise no fool
And as long as I stay black, I gotta stay strapped
And I never get to lay back
‘Cause I always got to worry 'bout the payback
Some buck that I roughed up way back
Comin' back after all these years
"Rat-a-tat-tat-tat-tat," that's the way it is

[Chorus: Talent]
That's just the way it is
Things'll never be the same
That's just the way it is, aww yeah
(You're my brother, you're my sister)
That's just the way it is
Things'll never be the same
That's just the way it is, aww yeah

[Outro: 2Pac]
Some things'll never change[Intro: 2Pac]
Ay what time is it nigga?
("I don't know.")
Oh shit, 12 o'clock
Oh shit, we got to get the fuck up outta here
("Hell yeah.")
Nigga, it's check out time nigga
Hey call up Kurupt, call Daz room
("Hey there, bitch, where Suge at, nigga?")
Call Suge, call all the niggas tell 'em to meet me downstairs
("Where K and them niggas at man?")
Tell the valet, bring the Benz around
("Ay, y'all seen my shoes?")
Hey Kurupt, y'all niggas drivin' or y'all flyin' back, whassup?
("Man, I'm rollin' man, fuck that shit.")
Hey Syke nigga, come on man, get up out the bathroom fool
("Fuck that, I lost some money, nigga.")
Aw nigga, damn

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Now I'm up early in the mornin', breath stinkin' as I'm yawnin'
Just another sunny day in California
I got my mind focused on some papers while I'm into sexy capers
Give a holla to them hoochies last night, that tried to rape us
Will these rap lyrics take us, plus room all up in Vegas
I'm a boss playa, death before I let these bitches break us
Last night was like a fantasy, Alizé and Hennessy
A hoochie and her homie dirty dancin' with my man and me
Told her I was interested, picture all the shit we did
I got her hot and horny, all up on me, what a freaky bitch
First you argued, then I fight it, 'til you lick me where I like it
Got a nigga all excited, it don't matter, just don't bite it
I never got to check out the scene
Too busy tryin' to dig a hole in your jeans
Now it seems, it's check out time

[Chorus: Natasha Walker]
We gotta go, we gotta go!
We gotta go, we gotta go!
We gotta go, we gotta go!

[Collision: 2Pac]
Gotta go, gotta go
Yeah baby, hahaha, it's check it out time!!
Gotta go nigga, gotta go
("Y'all know what time it is!")
Ay, c'mon man get y'all bags man, call that valet motherfucker
Tell him to get a nigga shit, cause we out this, motherfucker

[Verse 2: Kurupt]
They label me an outlaw, so it's time for the panty raid
My fantasies came true with Janet on, I'm in a escapade
But did it all, end too soon
All the homies runnin' through the halls room to room
So I assume, since I'm a playa like my nigga Syke
Then it's only right for me to disappear into the night
My game's trump tight
So I find time to recline
Sneak in your room, instant Messiah, shit wines of all kinds
I ain't got that much time
So hurry up and pop the Dom and let me hit it from behind
Since I'm only here for one night
I got to get you hot and heated
Play like Micheal Jackson, and Beat It
One more thing I like to mention, I'm done and I'm out
Cause there's someone else who deserves my attention
So all the homies round up in the lobby
Cause bustin' bitches is a hobby, nigga
It's check out time

[Chorus: Natasha Walker]
We gotta go, we gotta go!
We gotta go, we gotta go!
We gotta go, we gotta go!
We gotta go, we gotta go!

[Collision: Kurupt]
Aiyyo man 'Pac, ay, where the where the fuck is Daz at man?
This nigga locked up or somethin'?
The only one not to leave
Yo man, it's check out time, it's time to get out this mother
(You seem them bitches?)
We out man, fuck that shit
Yo Rece! Yo nigga, whassup?

[Verse 3: Big Syke]
Hey, I'm livin' the life of a boss playa
The front desk callin' but I'm checkin' out later
My behavior is crazy from what you did to me baby
If walls could talk, they'd say, you tried to fade me
I'm puttin' in work, but didn't hurt from the jacuzzi to the bed
Carressin' your thoughts, cause I'm livin' fed, heard what I said?
Passion is crashin' the room
From the liquor we consumed I heard a boom
I'm blackin' out, you're yellin' out 'Big Syke Daddy'
We did it in the caddy on the highway, my way
I'm lost in a dream and so it seemed, to be the night
Five bottles of Cristal and I'm still tight
Out of sight from 'Pac and Kurupt
As I get it up, once the doors close, you stuck
In a heaty, sticky situation
Get up baby, you ain't on vacation
It's check out time

[Chorus: Natasha Walker]
We gotta go, we gotta go!
We gotta go, we gotta go!
We gotta go, we gotta go!
We gotta go, we gotta go!

[Collision: Big Syke]
Ay, it's check out time
Ay Pac, nigga where my motherfuckin', where my shoes go, nigga?
Where my motherfuckin' drawers and shit at man?
Man, y'all niggas was in here partyin' too fuckin' much
What the fuck y'all doin', nigga?
Kurupt, go tell Daz, man, and Bogart and the rest of them niggas
C'mon man, niggas is trippin' man
Front desk all callin' me, tellin' me to get the hell outta here, man
I ain't got no more money, somebody loan me a hundred

[Chorus: Natasha Walker]
We gotta go, we gotta go!
We gotta go, we gotta go!
We gotta go, we gotta go!
We gotta go, we gotta go!

We gotta go!!! oooo!!
We gotta, go!!!
We, heyyy!
We!!, we gotta go!.. haaa!!
We gotta, go!! haa!!Got me thinkin' 'bout better days
Heyyy! Better days..
Got me thinkin' 'bout better days
Most of these niggas need bitches too
But you never hear that side of the story so
We wanna do shit like this...

Verse-1
Sometimes its hard to wake up in the morning
Mind full of demons, I don't wanna hear them anymore
Got me heartbroken,fine, so many babies screaming
Cause they seeing destruction before they a see human being
So they start smoking weed, we'll never get our day
Until we learn to pray, keep our families in shape
Cause they all broke. and why do ghetto birds die
Before we learn to fly, some bodies else's child caught in guns
Smoking weed, can all make a change
So I'm told, but I haven't seen the change unfold
I keep hoping please, if you prefer to breathe
Communities in need of people that will lead
Keep your eyes open, I can only say I'll try
Until the day I die
Baby please don't cry
Got me thinkin' 'bout better day

Verse-2 (Not sure about few words here)
Eternally thug nigga Hilfigure made by Tommy
So when I speak hope to reach my buddy mommy
Oh come to poppy
I love it when you sweat and sloppy more peeps
Until I come to wake no one can stop me
My bump and grind
Coming through ya every time
Come get a blast of this through passion
It'll blow your mind
Hey throw up your legs
Wrap your shit around my back
It's a west side bang fucking hoes around the map
? get down with 2Pac while I'm ? out ?
While they seduce my jimmy I'll
Be screaming give me body
Make then hoes scream my name out
Give me my prides and don't cha
Love out these thugs nigga ?
I'm at the freaking parade
I'm watching caramel bitches play
Get with real niggas bullshitting never get your pay
This is the dream of a young black teen
I think hoes cross-country like a greedy crack fiend
Now come on!

Verse-3
Though half our problems can be based on economical greed
And dying breed, addicted to weed
They're getting Gs
With my heart open, greed, brings only misery
A way to tragedy, so I stay sucker free
Only a few chosen, rise (rise)
My ghetto queen, rise (rise)
Don't be afraid to try (try)
Too many of us died for the door to open wide
My brother be wise, stay focused on the prize
Though everybody dies
We continue growing...

Got me thinkin' 'bout better days
Heyyy! Better days..Code Of THUG LIFE

1. All new Jacks to the game must know: a) He’s going to get rich. b) He’s going to jail. c) He’s going to die.


2. Crew Leaders: You are responsible for legal/financial payment commitments to crew members; your word must be your bond.


3. One crew’s rat is every crew’s rat. Rats are now like a disease; sooner or later we all get it; and they should too.


4. Crew leader and posse should select a diplomat, and should work ways to settle disputes. In unity, there is strength!


5. Car jacking in our Hood is against the Code.


6. Slinging to children is against the Code.


7. Having children slinging is against the Code.


8. No slinging in schools.


9. Since the rat Nicky Barnes opened his mouth; ratting has become accepted by some. We’re not having it.


10. Snitches is outta here.


11. The Boys in Blue don’t run nothing; we do. Control the Hood, and make it safe for squares.


12. No slinging to pregnant Sisters. That’s baby killing; that’s genocide!


13. Know your target, who’s the real enemy.


14. Civilians are not a target and should be spared.


15. Harm to children will not be forgiven.


16. Attacking someone’s home where their family is known to reside, must be altered or checked.


17. Senseless brutality and rape must stop.


18. Our old folks must not be abused.


19. Respect our Sisters. Respect our Brothers.


20. Sisters in the Life must be respected if they respect themselves.


21. Military disputes concerning business areas within the community must be handled professionally and not on the block.


22. No shooting at parties.


23. Concerts and parties are neutral territories; no shooting!


24. Know the Code; it’s for everyone.


25. Be a real ruff neck. Be down with the code of the Thug Life.


26. Protect yourself at all times..[Eminem]
In my mind I'ma fighter, my heart's a lighter
My soul is the fluid, my flow sparks it right up
Arsenic writer, author with arthritis
Carpel tunnel, Marshall will start shit-itis
Hard headed and hot headed, bull headed and pig headed
Dick headed, a prick, a big headache I'm sick
Quick witted, for every lyric spitted there are 6 critics
Who wait for me to slip with it, so quick
This dynamite stick buried the wick, it's gonna explode any minute
Some lunatic lit it and it's not Nelly
Do not tell me to stop yelling, when I stop selling I quit
So stop dwelling an I am not felling
You fuckers are not ready, cause I got jelly, like Beyonce's pot belly
This is Destiny, yes money I'm of running
So get off of me, I'm not slowing or softening

[Hook - 2Pac]
They sendin armies out to bomb me, Constantly armed
The only DJ that can calm me is Constantly armed
My firepower keep me warm I'm Constantly armed
And fuck the world til I'm gone, Constantly armed
They sendin armies out to bomb me, Constantly armed
The only DJ that can calm me is Constantly armed
My firepower keep me warm I'm Constantly armed
And fuck the world til I'm gone Bitches be warned

[Eminem 2x]
I will not fall
I will stand tall
Feels like no one can beat me

[2Pac]
Follow me tell me if you feel me
I think niggas is tryin to kill me
Picturin pistols, spittin hollow points til they drill me
Keepin it real, and even if I do conceal
My criminal thoughts, preoccupied with keepin steel
See niggas is false, sittin in court, turned snitches
That used to be real, but now they petrified bitches
I'm tryin to be strong, my firepower keep me warm
I'm trapped in the storm, and fuck the world til I'm gone, Bitches be warned
Word is bonb, you'll get torn
I'm bustin on Guiliani, he rubbin my niggas wrong
And then it's on, before I leave picture me
I'm spittin at punk bitches and hustlin to be free
Watch me set it, niggas don't want it, you can get it
Bet it make these jealous niggas mad I said it
This Thug Life nigga, we don't cater to you hoes
Fuck with me, have a hundred motherfuckers at yo' do', with fo

[Hook][Intro]
(Suddenly I see, some niggas that I don't like)
(*machine gun fires)
(Got him)

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
A smoking-ass nigga robbed me blind
I got a TEC-9 now his smokin' ass is mine
I guess I felt sorry for the bastard, he was broke
I didn't know he smoked so I didn't watch him close
He caught me on the sneak tip, now the punk's in deep shit
Catch him on the streets, I'mma bring him to his feet, quick
Pass the clip, I think I see him comin' now
Fuck the bullshit, posse deep and let's run him down
Gots to be the first one to hit ya when we meet
Comin' quickly up the streets, is the punk ass police
The first one jumped out and said "Freeze!"
I popped him in his knees and shot him—punk, please
’Cause cops should mind they business, when we rush
Now you're pleadin' like a bitch, cause you don't know how to, hush
Now back to the smoker that robbed me
I tell you like Latifah, motherfucker give me body
One to the chest, another to his fuckin' dome
Now the shit can rest, yo tell him to leave me the fuck alone
Two very bloody bodies on the streets
A nosey ass cop and a nigga that robbed from me
Run from your backup punk, how you figure?
My finger's on the trigger for you crooked ass niggas

[Hook]
Crooked ass niggas
(Criminal behaviour-- criminal-- criminal behaviour)
(Suddenly I see--)
(Cri-cri-criminal)

[Verse 2: Stretch]
Now listen to the mack of the crooked nigga trade
With the fine criminal mind, cold rips like a blade
It's already quick stepping to the niggas with the props
And any motherfucker with the flim-flam drops to the knot
Ten o'clock, is a motherfuckin' gank move
Stretch is Uptown, clockin' weight the shit is real smooth
A nigga's tryna play me like he know me but he don't
Sittin' on ten kis, I'mma get him, think I won't?
My nigga 2Pac got the fuckin' Glock cocked and he's ready
When the kid, didn't even bring the weight bag, instead he
Welcomed us, into his apartment
Oh, this even better, two to the head, he's dead a clean get a-WAY! Niggas got PAID!
And yet another sleepin' ass nigga got slayed, word up
By a crooked motherfucker named Stretch
And the T-U-P-A-C, the police can't catch

[Hook]
The crooked ass niggas
(Criminal behaviour)
Yeah, you don't stop!
Crooked ass niggas
(Criminal-- criminal behaviour)
(Suddenly I see, some niggas that I don't like)

[Verse 3: 2Pac]
Now I could be a crooked nigga too
When I'm rollin' with my crew, watch what crooked niggas, do!
I got a nine millimeter Glock pistol
I'm ready to get witcha at the drop, of a whistle
So make your move, and act like you wanna flip
I fire thirteen shots, and pop another clip
I bring luck, my Glock's like a fuckin' mop
The more I shot, the more motherfuckers dropped
And even cops got shot when they rolled up
Best to bring a knot, or get popped, I'm a soldier
I ain't the type to fetch ya, ask Stretch, he's my witness
Smoke til I'm blitzed, fuck a motherfuckin' piss test
I'm trigger happy, try to 'tack me and I'll drop you quick
Long as I got a clip I got some shit to hit 'em with
The nigga killer I get iller when the shit gets thick
My brain flips, I start thinkin' like a lunatic
I rip shit, came equipped with a bigger crew
I thought these niggas knew, I'm a crooked nigga too

[Outro]
(Criminal behaviour-- criminal-- criminal behaviour)
Crooked ass niggas come in all shapes and sizes
They wear disguises, backstabbing's what they specialize in
They'll try to get 'cha, they'll sweat 'cha to get in the picture
And then they hit 'cha, son of a bitch! Now he's richer
(Criminal behaviour-- crimi-criminal behaviour)
Crooked ass nigga
(Suddenly I see, some niggas that I don't like)
(Criminal behaviour-- criminal-- criminal
Crimi-crim-criminal behaviour (haviour)-- criminal behaviour
Criminal behaviour)
(Suddenly I see, some niggas that I don't like)
(Suddenly I see, some niggas that I don't like)
(Suddenly I see, some niggas that I don't like)
(Criminal behaviour- criminal be- criminal crim--
Crim-criminal behaviour
Criminal be- crim-crim-crim-crim-crim--
Criminal behaviour-- criminal behaviour)
(Suddenly I see, some niggas that I don't like)
(*machine gun fires)
(Got him)
(Suddenly I see, some niggas that I don't like)
(*machine gun fires)
(Got him)
(Suddenly I see, some niggas that I don't like)
(*machine gun fires)
(Got him)[Intro]
Yo 'Pac
That's right, hehehe
Yo, I heard you got beat up by the police
Got a big fat lawsuit and everything
Yeah..
Niggas just wanna know
If you still gon' be on some crooked-ass nigga shit

[Verse 1]
Please tell me what's a nigga to do, and it's true
Ain't nuttin new, so I do, what I can to get through
Now first they had me trapped and now I'm pissed
A loaded AK-47 layin' on my hips so I don't trip
One motherfucker from the Underground
And Big Stretch buckin' niggas if they fuck around
Yo why I got beef with police?
Ain't that a bitch, the motherfuckers got a beef with me
They make it hard for me to sleep
I wake up at the slightest peep, and my sheets are 3 feet deep
I guess it's hard for you to see
But now I'm pointin' the finger at police
Instead of them motherfuckers blamin' me
I got the right to bear a pistol
And when the punk motherfuckers get to trippin' I got shit too
And maybe then you'll see the truth
But until then, I gotta do what I do
And stay a crooked nigga too

[Hook]
It's all up to you, but until then I gotta do what I do
And stay a crooked nigga too
And maybe then you'll see the truth; OOOH!
But until then I gotta do what I do and stay a crooked nigga too
It's all up to you, but until then I gotta do what I do
And stay a crooked nigga too
And maybe then you'll see the truth; OOOH!
You can't fuck with the crew, of crooked nigga too

[Verse 2]
Y'know you really can't say that ya blame niggas
Fuck being tame, set a flame, time to aim triggers
2Pac'll spark a revolution, fuck the Constitution
I want my bucks for restitution
This time you got a bigger problem
Time to face the niggas from South Central, Oakland, Brooklyn and Harlem
And we ain't shootin' at each other (fuck no!)
That's my motherfuckin' brother, so Dave Duke, run for cover
And all the bitches from the Klan
Come feel the wrath of a black man that doesn't smoke crack and
I don't drink St. Ides (fuck that!)
Genuine Draft, ganja ganja, and my fuckin' TEC-9
They know they scared to see us sober
(ahhhhhhh) Cobra, and niggas'll take the world over
It's all up to you (up to you)
Blame the Korean.. (fuck that) or be a crooked nigga too

[Hook]
It's all up to you, but until then I gotta do what I do
And stay a crooked nigga too
And maybe then you'll see the truth; OOOH!
But until then I gotta do what I do and stay a crooked nigga too
It's all up to you, but until then I gotta do what I do
And stay a crooked nigga too
And maybe then you'll see the truth; OOOH!
You can't fuck with the crew, of crooked nigga too

[Verse 3]
Why me? Play like Jasmine Guy and try me
I'll be damned if I die, come look at the rage in my eyes G
They got my homies in a jail cell
And it's the Rebel and the Devil, and one of us is goin' to Hell
I got the whole place covered, with loc'd out brothers
And nuttin but love for each other
So motherfucker make a motion
I give a fuck, slice you up, and throw your ass in the ocean
Temperatures drop; see it's cool to shoot a nigga
But they hate it when we pop the cops
That's when they gettin' petrol
You better watch your step or you'll be left on death row
But I learn to look ahead of me
Stay strapped watch your back keep your eyes on the enemy
We blowin' up precincts and OOOH
You can't fuck with the crew, of crooked nigga too

[Hook]
It's all up to you, but until then I gotta do what I do
And stay a crooked nigga too
And maybe then you'll see the truth, OOOH!
But until then I gotta do what I do and stay a crooked nigga too
It's all up to you, but until then I gotta do what I do
And stay a crooked nigga too
And maybe then you'll see the truth, OOOH!
You can't fuck with the crew, of crooked nigga tooI ran outside 2 feel the rain
and I stayed outside awhile
When the rain was done along came the sun
and this was Cupid's Smile![Intro]
Danger times, danger times, danger times, danger times
Danger times, danger times, danger times, danger times

[Verse 1: Majesty]
It's on, a dead body found wrapped in the carpet
A healthy pretty baby found cryin' in the garbage
Walk your dog, she pees on the sidewalk
No movies no clubs, 'cause you're bound to get caught
In the mix, runnin' for your life, time to get home
See somebody fool caught a straight to the dome
For no reason, death is still the season
Everybody's scared, leave the body bleedin'
People runnin' frantic, 'cause the shots are still ringin'
These damn thugs, just won't stop the gun slingin'
Havin' fun in these days, you gotta wear a vest
1-2-5 in the summer's like the Wild West
Something jump off a nigga cap, everybody cap
Worst about it is every fuckin' body's strapped
All you can do is cross your fingers and hope you're lucky
I see you used ta wear a laugh or grab her asses chokin'
But if I'm ok when the shots stop, not layin' in blood
Hop in my ride, tryin' to slide with these scared thugs
Dangerous times, dangerous days, dangerous nights
Everywhere we go the danger's never out of sight
Junior high school in '86 and '87
They had 38's and '94 is Mack 11's
What the hell is goin' on God? Pass the indo
What the hell they killin' over Nintendo?
I think the world is endin', and AIDS is the plague
So you can die later if you don't die today
Mothers cryin', can't understand it
Their kids gone and even reach a man yet
I try to free the hip hop when I rapping lines
But every time I try, it ends up being crime time
Go to school, go to the movies, go to the club, go to the store
Turn on the news, it's like were livin' in a war
No one to trust, the cops are the fuckin' crooks
In these days, they ain't goin' by the books
Proceed with caution, if you're not you're lost
In these fucked up times they have no remorse in
Get twisted, the last thing on your mind
You got caught kid, livin' in these danger times

[Hook]
It's that reality (dan-danger times...)
It's that reality (dan-danger times...)
It's that reality (dan-danger times...)
It's that reality (dan-danger times...)

[Verse 2: Stretch]
Yo I'm ridin' through the back streets
Bumpin' black beats, stop where the niggas sellin' crack be
Say what up to my neighbourhood dealers
Niggas rollin' cee-lo, local car stealers
Narcs cruisin' by, they wanna lock us on the way
No eye contact, we wanna lead them astray
But the niggas in the backseat lookin' like a snitch though
Cops hookin' up, lookin' like a little bitch yo
So you know I'm back dro
Can't get caught in the mix
By these fake trouble cops and they crooked ass tricks
And uh, hold up yo, niggas rollin' up, for what?
I don't know, but they was busters so I gives a fuck
Pop a man in his fuckin' dome had to yank for chrome
I forgot it, I was lurkin' in the red zone
When the smoke cleared, I see my man was dead
And the cops on the corner, then a muthafucka fled the scene
It's gotta be a dream yo I'm buggin'
I stood up the scene, lookin' mean mad muggin' muthafucka
That I be from the streets
For the first thing jump, I got my hand on my heat
Yo it's danger time

[Hook]
It's that reality (dan-danger times...)
It's that reality (dan-danger times...) [nigga, danger times]
It's that reality (dan-danger times...)
It's that reality (dan-danger times...)

[Verse 3: 2Pac]
Yo, will I, live or die?
I don't know 'cause it's stranger times
I'm too high to read the muthafuckin' danger signs
Niggas all on my phone talkin' major shit
And you mad 'cause I don't wanna page you, bitch
Now quit being quick to flip
My niggas dyin' over small time triflin' shit
So I ain't got time for these you know whats
On the nuts of a nigga makin' major bucks
I'm more lost, runnin' from the police force
New York's finest, comin' right behind us
Mind flippin' off the Moet that a nigga's sippin'
Open fire on them bitches if they get to trippin'
Mob on the scene with the Squad from Queens
Drinkin' Hennessy, muthafuckin' cops are green
Plus the mini 14 for the punks wit' funk
Drop the trunk on them silly bitches, blast them punks

[Hook]
It's that reality (dan-danger times...)
It's that reality (dan-danger times...)
It's that reality (dan-danger times...)
It's that reality (dan-danger times...)[Chorus]
(born in the days of a Criminal)
Born in the days of a Criminal
(Criminal, criminal, criminal)
Born in the days of a Criminal
(criminal, criminal, criminal)

[Verse 1]
Born in the the days of a criminal
Runnin' from the cops and can't let 'em see me
So I'm hopin' out the Benz
It's time to let the vallet step
Gotta make my ends, so business on the undertip
All coppers will get dropped, so tell them not to fuck with me
If Oakland gets too hot, I'm headed for Marin City
Though hunted like a fugitive, those punks will never capture me
TEC-9 on my side, oh stay in back of me
I'm black from head to toe, I move and there's a silence
The smoothest criminal, a lunatic for violence
So I be taken no shorts, when the shit get scandalous
Rippin' of this vest see, so nigga we can handle this
Run up and get smacked up, packed up and smacked down
I'm a playa, there's more in the J town
Bitches wanna jock, and run they hands all in my hair
Ho give up the cock, or you can get up outta here
I'm livin' like a mack, the narcist will be minimal
Niggas gettin' jacked with they cap peeled back
In the days, of a criminal

[Chorus]
(Criminal, criminal, criminal)
Born in the days of a Criminal (all in the days of a Criminal)
Born in the days of a Criminal, Born in the days of a Criminal
(all in the days of a Criminal)

[Verse 2]
I'm kickin' kilos but I start of with a quarter ounce
Servin' with weight cause, every little dollar counts
Makin' my grits and tryin' to get my mail on
So fuck a cop he get dropped if he steps wrong
I'm the bad guy, everybody points at me
But fuck 'em, all, as long as the tweakers happy
Makin' my cash flow, but how long will it last though
Pimpin' ain't easy but I still leavin' your ass broke
Pass the vapors as the papers will be comin' in
I give the cuts and give a fuck about being a friend
Bitch I'm a playa got no time to be bothered with
Havin' no babies in no long term relationships
Because a bitch will be a bitch no matter what you say
That's why I fuck 'em, bust a nut, and I'm on my way
Soon as I finish I'll be glad I even fucked a whore
Cause she'll be blowin' up my beeper before I shut the door
But fuck a bitch I keep my mind on my drink cause yo
That's how I'm livin' in the days, of a criminal

[Chorus]
(Criminal, criminal, criminal)
It's the menace of Marin
(all in the days of a Criminal)
It's the menace of Marin
(Criminal, criminal, criminal)
It's the menace of Marin
(all in the days of a Criminal)

[Verse 3]
It's the menace of Marin, I kill, I kill again
Ain't nothing funny about the game the game I'm rollin' in
You got a problem with it, Mr. handle yours
I ain't no joke, I'll have you broke down to your draws
I'm trigga happy and I give less than a fuck
Love me or hate me I'mma show nough rip shit up
It's Mr. nothin', nice on the mic stand
Mic in the left and the zest in my right hand
I took a puff had enough now, hold up
If that was endo, niggas gettin' rolled up
You think not, get dropped we can handle this
Cause 2Pac brain locked on the cannabis
Days are dangerous, shoot 'em but you can't miss
I never trip off your bitch cause she scandalous
Now come and get a good look at the crook, who
Lives his life in the streets of the jungle
Some call me animal, tell me how you figure though
Put 'em in the nimp, in the days of a criminal

[Chorus]
(criminal, criminal, criminal)
(all in the days of a criminal) (born in the days of a )
(criminal, criminal, criminal)
(all in the days of a criminal) (born in the days of a criminal)
(criminal, criminal, criminal)
(all in the days of a criminal)
(criminal, criminal, criminal) (born in the days of a criminal)
(born in the days of a criminal)
(born in the days of a)
(born in the days of a)
(born in the days of a) (criminal, criminal)
(born in the days of a)
(born in the days of a criminal)
(criminal, criminal, criminal)
(all in the days of a criminal)
(criminal, criminal, criminal) born in the days of a
(all in the days of a criminal)
(born in the days of a)
(born in the days of a)
(born in the days of a criminal)
(born in the days of a criminal)
(criminal, criminal, criminal)
(all in the days of a criminal)
(criminal, criminal, criminal, criminal, criminal)          
            Lyrics for this song have yet to be released. Please check back once the song has been released.
          
        [Verse 1]
You are appreciated
When I was young, me and my mama had beef
Seventeen years old, kicked out on the streets
Though back at the time I never thought I'd see her face
Ain't a woman alive that could take my mama's place
Suspended from school, and scared to go home, I was a fool
With the big boys breakin' all the rules
I shed tears with my baby sister, over the years
We was poorer than the other little kids
And even though we had different daddies, the same drama
When things went wrong we'd blame Mama
I reminisce on the stress I caused, it was hell
Huggin' on my mama from a jail cell
And who'd think in elementary, hey
I'd see the penitentiary one day?
And runnin' from the police, that's right
Mama catch me, put a whoopin' to my backside
And even as a crack fiend, Mama
You always was a black queen, Mama
I finally understand
For a woman it ain't easy tryin' to raise a man
You always was committed
A poor single mother on welfare, tell me how you did it
There's no way I can pay you back, but the plan
Is to show you that I understand: you are appreciated

[Chorus: Reggie Green & "Sweet Franklin" +  2Pac]
Lady, don't you know we love ya? (Dear Mama)
Sweet lady, place no one above ya (You are appreciated)
Sweet lady, don't you know we love ya?

[Verse 2]
Now, ain't nobody tell us it was fair
No love from my daddy, ‘cause the coward wasn't there
He passed away and I didn't cry, ‘cause my anger
Wouldn't let me feel for a stranger
They say I'm wrong and I'm heartless, but all along
I was lookin' for a father, he was gone
I hung around with the thugs
And even though they sold drugs
They showed a young brother love
I moved out and started really hangin'
I needed money of my own, so I started slangin'
I ain't guilty, ‘cause even though I sell rocks
It feels good puttin' money in your mailbox
I love payin' rent when the rent is due
I hope you got the diamond necklace that I sent to you
‘Cause when I was low you was there for me
And never left me alone, because you cared for me
And I could see you comin' home after work late
You're in the kitchen, tryin' to fix us a hot plate
You just workin' with the scraps you was given
And Mama made miracles every Thanksgivin'
But now the road got rough, you're alone
You're tryin' to raise two bad kids on your own
And there's no way I can pay you back, but my plan
Is to show you that I understand: you are appreciated

[Hook: Reggie Green & "Sweet Franklin" +  2Pac]
Lady, don't you know we love ya? (Dear Mama)
Sweet lady, place no one above ya (You are appreciated)
Sweet lady, don't you know we love ya?

[Verse 3]
Pour out some liquor and I reminisce
‘Cause through the drama I can always depend on my mama
And when it seems that I'm hopeless
You say the words that can get me back in focus
When I was sick as a little kid
To keep me happy there's no limit to the things you did
And all my childhood memories
Are full of all the sweet things you did for me
And even though I act crazy
I gotta thank the Lord that you made me
There are no words that can express how I feel
You never kept a secret, always stayed real
And I appreciate how you raised me
And all the extra love that you gave me
I wish I could take the pain away
If you can make it through the night, there's a brighter day
Everything will be alright if you hold on
It's a struggle every day, gotta roll on
And there's no way I can pay you back, but my plan
Is to show you that I understand: you are appreciated

[Chorus: Reggie Green & Sweet Franklin +  2Pac]
Lady, don't you know we love ya? (Dear Mama)
Sweet lady, place no one above ya (You are appreciated)
Sweet lady, don't you know we love ya? (Dear Mama)
Sweet lady, lady (Dear Mama)
Lady, lady[Intro]
Child: Why you by the window? What's wrong daddy?
Mother: I know what's wrong with that crazy motherfucker
He just stand by the goddamn window
With that fuckin' AK all day (there you go)
You don't work, you don't fuck, you don't
You don't do a goddamn thing

[Verse 1]
I see death around the corner, gotta stay high while I survive
In the city where the skinny niggas die
If they bury me, bury me as a G nigga, no need to worry
I expect retaliation in a hurry
I see death around the - corner, any day
Tryin to keep it together, no one lives forever anyway
Strugglin' and strivin', my destiny's to die
Keep my finger on the trigger, no mercy in my eyes
In a ball of confusion, I'm thinkin' 'bout my daddy
Madder than a motherfucker, they never shoulda had me
I guess I seen too many murders, the doctors can't help me
Got me stressin' with my pistol in my sheets, it ain't healthy
Am I paranoid? - Tell me the truth
I'm out the window with my AK, ready to shoot
Ran out of indo and my mind can't take the stress, I'm out of breath
Make me wanna kill my damn self; but I see death around the corner

[Hook]
("When we were kids, belonging felt good..")
I see death around the corner
("But having respect, that feels even better..")
I see death around the corner
("When we were kids, belonging felt good..")
I see death around the corner
("But having respect, that feels even better..")

[Verse 2]
I see death around the corner, the pressure's gettin' to me
I no longer trust my homies - them phonies tried to do me
Smokin' too much weed, got me paranoid, stressed
Pack a gat and my vest, under my clothes when I dress
Here's hopin' I die the way I lived, straight thuggin'
Huggin' my trigger for all them niggas that was buggin'
My homie told me once, don't you trust them other suckers
They front like they your homies but they phony motherfuckers
And even if I did die young, who'd care
All I ever got was mean mugs and cold stares
Got homies in my head that done passed away screamin' "Please!"
Young nigga, make G's
I can't give up, although I'm hopeless, I think my mind's gone
All I can do is get my grind on, death around the corner

[Hook]
("When we were kids, belonging felt good..")
I see death around the corner
("But having respect, that feels even better..")
I see death around the corner
("When we were kids, belonging felt good..")
I see death around the corner
("But having respect, that feels even better..")

[Verse 3]
(I was raised) I was raised in the city, shitty
Ever since I was an itty bitty kiddy
Drinkin' liquor out my momma's titty
And smokin' weed was an everyday thang in my household
And drinkin' liquor til' you out cold
And though I'm grown now, nigga it's still on - Pow!
Bustin on them niggas 'til they gone
How many more jealous ass bitches, comin' for my riches
Now I gotta be suspicious when I bone
Cause if I ain't sharp and heartless, them bitches'll start shit
Excuse me, but this is where we part bitch
No more game for free, please explain to me
Why niggas trip bitch, who you came to see?
Murder me now but see me later man, that's on my pops
I got homies that will hunt you 'til you drop
I hope the Lord can forgive me
I was a G and gettin' high was a way of bein' free
I see death around the corner

[Hook]
("When we were kids, belonging felt good..")
I see death around the corner
("But having respect, that feels even better..")
I see death around the corner
("When we were kids, belonging felt good..")
I see death around the corner
("But having respect, that feels even better..")
I see death around the corner

[Outro]
This is for all the real motherfuckin' niggas out there
I know you ain't scared to die; we all gotta go, y'know?
A real motherfucker will pick the time he goes
And make sure he handles his motherfuckin' business
(You think you're gonna live long enough to spend that money
You fuckin hump?)
Y'all niggas stop actin' like pussies out there, all right
If any of you..
Are tired of gettin' ripped off by guys like that...
I want his family dead! I want his house burnt to the ground!
I wanna go there in the middle of the night I wanna piss on his ashes!
I want his family dead! I want his house burnt to the ground!
I wanna go there in the middle of the night I wanna piss on his ashes!
I want that son of a bitch dead, I want him dead!
I want him dead, I don't care...Cause they're bragging, telling the fuckers in jail yo, we just got pumped woo
And that's why we don't do it, I know what I'm doing, imma destroy 'em

[Verse 1]
Got some static for some niggas on the other side of town
Let my little cousin K roll, he's a rider now
What they want from us motherfuckin thug niggas?
Used to love niggas now I plug niggas, and slug niggas
Am I wrong? Niggas makin songs, tryin to get with us
Must be gone on stress weed, in the West we trust
To the chest I BUST! Then we ride 'til the sun come
Shinin back to brighten up the sky, many die
Heard the Fugees was tryin to do me - look bitch!
I cut yo' face, this ain't no motherfuckin movie
THEN! We watch the other two die slow
Castrated entertainin at my motherfuckin sideshow
BAM! Set my plan in mo', time to exterminate my foes
I can't stand you hoes, uhh
Now label this my fuckin trick shot
My lyrics runnin all you cowards out of hip-hop
When we RIDE

[Hook]
And if I die by a slug, the death of a true thug
Tell me will my niggas mourn me?
The death of a true thug
And still, we try to change the past, in vain
Never knowin if this game'll last, feelin ashamed
And if I die by a slug, the death of a true thug
Tell me will my niggas mourn me?
The death of a true thug
A man of military means in my artillery
Watchin over me through every murder scene

[Verse 2]
Come take a journey through my mind's eye
You crossed the game, don't explain, nigga time to die, say goodbye
Watch my eyes when I pull the trigger
So right before you die you bow before a bigga nigga, now dry yo' eyes
You was HEARTLESS on yo' hits
Niggas love to scream peace after they start some shit - pay attention
Here's a word to those that robbed me
I murder you then I, run a train on Mobb Deep! Don't fuck with me
Nigga you're barely livin, don't you got sickle cell?
See me have a seizure on stage, you ain't feelin well, hell
How many niggas wanna be involved?
See I was only talkin to Biggie, but I'll kill allay'all, then ball
Then tell Da Brat to keep her mouth closed
Fuck around and get tossed up, by the fuckin Outlawz
Before I leave, make sure everybody HEARD
Know I meant, EVERY MOTHERFUCKIN WORD

[Hook]
And if I die by a slug, the death of a true thug
Tell me will my niggas mourn me?
The death of a true thug
And still, we try to change the past, in vain
Never knowin if this game'll last, feelin ashamed
And if I die by a slug, the death of a true thug
Tell me will my niggas mourn me?
The death of a true thug
A man of military means in my artillery
Watchin over me through every murder scene

I really didn't believe until I got shot that no black person would shoot me
I was their representative, they would never harm me

[Hook] x2
And if I die by a slug, the death of a true thug
Tell me will my niggas mourn me?
The death of a true thug
And still, we try to change the past, in vain
Never knowin if this game'll last, feelin ashamed
And if I die by a slug, the death of a true thug
Tell me will my niggas mourn me?
The death of a true thug
A man of military means in my artillery
Watchin' over me through every murder scene"Nobody's, closing me out of my business"
"Nobody's, closing me out of my business"
My definition of a thug nigga
"Nobody's, closing me out of my business"

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
I played the cards I was given, thank God I'm still livin'
Pack my nine 'til it's time to go to prison
As I'm bailin' down the block that I come from, still gotta pack a gun
Case some young motherfuckers wanna play dumb
I guess I live life forever jugglin'
But I'll be hustlin' 'til the early mornin' cause I'm strugglin'
Like drinkin' liquor make the money come quicker
Gettin' pages from my bitch it's time to dick her
I ain't in love with her, I just wanna be the one to hit her
Drop off and let the next nigga get her
That's the way it goes, it's time to shake a ho, make the dough
Break a ho when it's time to make some mo'
I keep my finger on the trigger of my Glock
Ridin' down the block lickin' shots at the punk-ass *cops*
And spittin' game through my mobile phone
The type of shit to get them hoes to bone
My Definition of a Thug Nigga

[Various samples]
"Tis the season, to be servin'"
"What you doin'?"
"Mob-mobbin' like a motherfucker"
"Tis the season, to be servin'"
"What you doin'?"
"Mob-mobbin' like a motherfucker"
"Tis the season, to be servin'"
"What you doin'?"
"Mob-mobbin' like a motherfucker"
"Tis the season... to be servin'"

[Verse 2: 2Pac]
Well I roll with a crew of zoo niggas
They're quick to pull a nine when it's time do niggas
Comin' through like I'm two niggas, a true nigga fuck a Zig Zag
Roll me a blunt and pass that brew nigga
I'm drivin' drunk on the freeway, so take it ea-sy
Lookin' for a new face to skeeze me
Everybody's lookin' for a nut but I'm searchin' for the big bucks
Give a fuck, rather die than be stuck
In a one-room shack, and, kickin' back
Daydreamin' with the nine in my lap (huh)
So how's that from the mind of a Thug Nigga
Bought a fo'-five cause I heard that the slug's bigger
Figure the first motherfucker to jump'll find hisself
Gettin' swept off his feet by the pump
I put that on my moms, word to the motherfuckin' trigger
Before I go broke I'll be a drug dealer, a Thug Nigga

[Various samples]
"Tis the season, to be servin'"
"What you doin'?"
"Mob-mobbin' like a motherfucker"
"Tis the season, to be servin'"
"What you doin'?"
"Mob-mobbin' like a motherfucker"
"Tis the season, to be servin'"
"What you doin'?"
"Mob-mobbin' like a motherfucker"
"Tis the season... to be servin'"

[Verse 3: 2Pac]
Short than a motherfucker snatched up by one-time
Make a phone call and be back to ball by lunchtime
So here we go, we in the inner city
I keep my hand on my gat and stay cool, my attitude is shitty
Niggas don't like me cause I'm makin' ends
Roll in a Benz and I blaze a blunt, cause I'm all in
And any nigga tryin' to take what I got'll
Hafta deal with the sixteen-shot Glock (huh)
So here we go, I can't be faded
Happy in the motherfucker, finally made it
Got my money in my pocket, finger on the trigger
And I ain't takin' shit from no niggas
I'm just tryin to make some money right
Put some motherfuckin' food in my tummy right
I'm feelin' good like I'm supposed to, ready to ball
Find a spot and we can serve 'em all
My Definition of a Thug Nigga

[Various samples]
"Tis the season, to be servin'"
"Mob-mobbin' like a motherfucker every single day"
My Definition of a Thug Nigga
"Tis the season, to be servin'"
"Mob-mobbin' like a motherfucker every single day"
My Definition of a Thug Nigga
"Tis the season, to be servin'"
"Mob-mobbin' like a motherfucker every single day"
My Definition of a Thug Nigga
"Tis the season... to be servin'"


"Nobody's, closing me out of my business" (scratched by Warren G)

(Warren G fuckin' with that one nigga)[Intro]
Jay Z, come out to play
Hey yo Assassin, gimme one of them tracks I can just ride on motherfuckers
With
Mobb deep.
Niggas talkin' bout we can't rap? Niggas must nota' never heard no motherfuckin'
Track off a death row nigga
DEATH ROW, WESTSIDE
Let's get it on, daylight or fuckin' nightbreak
MOB
Go into these niggas, to the motherfuckin' death

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Come hell or high water, down to slaughter opposers
Just another lost soul, stuck, callin' Jehovah
Outlaw 'til it's over, brandish my strap, back like a cobra
I stay drunk ‘cause I'm a mad man whenever sober
On a one-man mission, my ambition's to hold up
The rap game, while I pluck holes in niggas like donuts
And still down to die for all my soldiers like hillbillies
They don't fear me, so we feud, bringin' war to the city
With each breath, death before dishonor
Never let you swallow me, no apologies, Your Honor
A general in war, I'm the first to bomb
With a squad of trusted killers, quick to move shit, heavily armed
I'm similar to Saddam, sometimes I question who's sane
Like fiends frantic for that last vein, stuck in the game
I hit the scene like sandstorms, then transform, watch me
I take the figure of 30 niggas who all got me
While bitches wonderin' who shot me
No love, keep a grudge, shootin' slugs like Muammar Gaddafi
Murder my friends, build a new posse
We takin' shots at paparazzi, go and fly now, nigga, like Rocky
You got a lot of nerve to play me, another gay rapper
Bustin' caps at Jay Z and still avoid capture
While y'all caught up in the rapture, still after me
I'm in Jamaica sippin' daquiris, no doubt
We used to havin' nothin' then grabbin' somethin' and bustin'
Wanted to be the thug nigga that my old man wasn't
I can't tour, fear of catchin' cases, litigation
Niggas player-hatin', got me crooked in all 50 states
I'm screamin' "Death Row!", throw my Westside, ain't no thing
We was raised off driveby's. brought up to bang
We claim mob. MOB. if you be specific
We control. ALL cash from the Atlantic, Pacific
And get this. I'm hard to kill
While I build with this live spot
Father. how the hell did I SURVIVE. these five shots?!
Live it up or give it up
And like DEMONS. late night. hear 'em screamin'
WE GOIN' ALL OUT!

[Verse 2: Yaki Kadafi]
With money clutchin', bail, come murder man, po's rushin'
Cap tilted to the side, on the lean out the ride bustin'
Outlaws enforce the secrets of war, but won't abuse it
Burnt, bury my burners with my dead buddies when I use it
Give a fuck about later. shots warm through the equator
Death to you traitors, shots bitin' through your bones like alligator
Payin' my dues. lookin' for miscellaneous infamous crews
Old ladies sing the blues. leave them smokin' from they shoes

[Verse 3: E.D.I. Mean]
Now with my every wakin' moment
I'm on a quest to be better, yeah
Position myself to prosper state, prepared for whatever
But at times, I slip slightly, shit I ain't afraid to admit it
To gone, off that Novocaine, like in too hard to live it
And I'm just a smidgen past my teenage years. into adulthood
Now I ride with G's finally, knowin' myself good
And it felt good, when I was young but playtime's over
EDI here take this gun nigga it's over

[Verse 3: Kastro]
I piss cold blood, shit hot liquor out my liver
Smoke like a tail pipe, and write when I'm bitter
All my life I been considered a downright, dirty nigga
From when daddy knocked mama' s twat popped the last drop from the litter
Tell me give the world hell
But in hell I give 'em mo'
And I bail outta jail
Screamin' fuck the Po' Po'
When I run to take that enough, from a simple fuck
To multimillion dollar luck

[Verse 4: Napolean]
Plus I think it's time to grab all pistols, wave them shits in the air
Celebrate Outlaw livin' nigga, I wouldn't be here
To you death is losin', and to me this shit's a family reunion
And to hell wit a peace treaty, never call it, cause it wouldn't feed me
My wallet. be as empty as the day I got started
Twelve shots in my pocket, left my niggas departed
It's a shame that these snake vultures niggas coldhearted
In a dirty world where only God know yo death and can call it

[Verse 5: Young Noble]
We thugged out, low cut, Outlawz rush and royal flush
Bomb first kickin' dust. out in Cali, but I ain't in it so much
Make 'em pay state to state, NJ to CA
Them cowards felt the weight, and turned feminine like Michel'le
Niggas change they whole style when the outlawz comin'
A million miles and thuggin'
Young Noble.I keep 'em buzzin'
While the rapture. capture this fuckin' style that I master
Bringin' terminal disaster. HIT YOU UP when I pass nigga

[Hook: 2Pac]
US, THE FIRST TO BUST, WHO DO WE TRUST? OUT FOR MOBB DEEP AND JAY Z, DEAD IN
THE DUST
I TOLD YOU PUNKS THAT I WAS AFTER BIGGIE YOU GOT INVOLVED, NOW WE BOUT TO
BUST ON ALL Y'ALL, GOIN' ALL OUT
US, THE FIRST TO BUST, WHO DO WE TRUST? OUT FOR MOBB DEEP AND JAY Z, DEAD IN
THE DUST
I TOLD YOU PUNKS THAT I WAS AFTER BIGGIE, YOU GOT INVOLVED, NOW WE BOUT TO
BUST ON ALL Y'ALL, GOIN' ALL OUT
US, THE FIRST TO BUST, WHO DO WE TRUST? OUT FOR MOBB DEEP AND JAY Z, DEAD IN
THE DUST
I TOLD YOU PUNKS THAT I WAS AFTER PIGGIE YOU GOT INVOLVED, NOW WE BOUT TO
BUST ON ALL Y'ALL, WESTSIDE, GOIN' ALL OUT

[Outro]
Jay Z (WESTSIDE), haha boy you at yo funeral, punk motherfucker
(OUTLAW, DEATHROW, MAKAVELI THA DON OUTLAWZ THE CRIMINAL)
(DESPERADO'S, WESTSIDE THUG LIVIN')
Big dick-sucking lips
How you goin be Hawaiian Sophie one year and be tough-ass mobs the next year?
(DIE, DIE SLOW)
Nigga my memory ain't bad you up out the business
(DIE, DIE SLOW)
BANG, you dead
(DIE, DIE SLOW)
(Haha mobb deep, you lil young ass juvenile delinquent)
(DIE, DIE SLOW)
BANG BANG, you dead
(DIE, DIE SLOW)
Biggie, BANG, you dead
(DIE, DIE SLOW)
Puffy, BANG, you dead
(DIE, DIE, DIE SLOW)
You out the game. No need to explain; get outta here
DIE, DIE, DIE SLOW
DIE, DIE, DIE SLOW
Mmh, DIE, DIE SLOW
MY LABEL: THE VICTORIOUS, UNTOUCHABLE DEATH ROW![Intro: 2Pac]
Turn it up loud
Hahaha, ahahaha, hey man
You a little sucker for love, right?
Word up, hahahahaha

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
I shoulda seen
You was trouble right from the start, taught me so many lessons
How not to mess with broken hearts, so many questions
When this began we was the perfect match, perhaps
We had some problems but we workin at it, and now
The arguments are gettin’ loud, I wanna stay
But I can’t help from walkin’ out just throw it away
Just take my hand and understand, if you could see
I never planned to be your man it just wasn’t me
But now I’m searchin’ for commitment, in other arms
I wanna shelter you from harm, don’t be alarmed
Your attitude was the cause, you got me stressin’
Soon as I open up the door with your jealous questions
Like where can I be you’re killin’ me with your jealousy
Now my ambition’s to be free
I can’t breathe, cause soon as I leave, it’s like a trap
I hear you callin’ me to come back, I’m a sucka for love

[Chorus: Eric Williams]
What you won’t do, do for love
You tried everything, but you don’t give up
What you won’t do, do for love
You tried everything, but you don’t give up

[Verse 2: 2Pac]
Just when I thought I broke away and I’m feelin’ happy
You try to trap me say you pregnant and guess who the daddy
Don’t wanna fall for it, but in this case what could I do? So now I’m back
To makin promises to you, tryin to keep it true
What if I’m wrong, a trick to keep me holdin on
Tryin’ to be strong and in the process, keep you goin
I’m bout to lose my composure, I’m gettin’ close
To packin’ up and leavin’ notes, and gettin’ ghost
Tell me who knows, a peaceful place where I can go
To clear my head I’m feelin low, losin’ control
My heart is sayin’ leave, oh what a tangle web we weave
When we conspire to conceive, and now
You gettin’ calls at the house, guess you cheatin’
That’s all I need to hear cause I’m leavin’, I’m out the do’
Never no more will you see me, this is the end
Cause now I know you’ve been cheatin, I’m a sucka for love

[Chorus: Eric Williams]
What you won’t do, do for love
You tried everything, but you don’t give up
What you won’t do, do for love
You tried everything, but you don’t give up

[Verse 3: 2Pac]
Now he left you with scars, tears on your pillow and you still stay
As you sit and pray, hoping the beatings’ll go away
It wasn’t always a hit and run relationship
It used to be love, happiness and companionship
Remember when I treated you good
I moved you up to the hills, out the ills of the ghetto hood
Me and you a happy home, when it was on
I had a love to call my own
I shoulda seen you was trouble but I was lost, trapped in your eyes
Preoccupied with gettin’ tossed, no need to lie
You had a man and I knew it, you told me
Don’t worry bout it we can do it now I’m under pressure
Make a decision cause I’m waitin’, when I’m alone
I’m on the phone havin’ secret conversations, huh
I wanna take your misery, replace it with happiness
But I need your faith in me, I’m a sucka for love

[Chorus: Eric Williams]
What you won’t do, do for love
You tried everything, but you don’t give up
What you won’t do, do for love
You tried everything, but you don’t give up

[Outro: Eric Williams]
What you won’t do, do for love
You tried everything, but you don’t give up
What you won’t do, do for love
You tried everything, but you don’t give up
What you won’t do, (do for love)
You tried everything, but you don’t give up
What you won’t do, (do for love)
You tried everything, but you don’t give up
Do for love, yeah baby yeah
Do for love[Verse 1]
Act like
Don't call me bitch, punk niggas and all fakers
Weak muthafuckas ain't nothin' but playa haters
Traitors, and all you ever did was hold me down
Slow me down, but everybody knows me now
So what you do is sit and think of a plot
How the hell can we make money off a nigga like 2Pac
This shit dropped and it got me hot
Niggas smiled like a bitch, while I gave you props
I should've saw it as a tip off
But you was riding my dick, a little bit and wouldn't get off
So I couldn't see the real mission
'Cause you smile in my face, and when I leave straight dissin'
What my partner told me
"Yo Pac watch yo back everybody ain't ya homie"
Should a saw you as a front and fake
An envious snake ready to take my fuckin' plate
Some is like a never have a friend like this
I clench my fist and let it end like this
And we can handle it the way we must
But it dust for a nigga that betrays my trust
Don't call me bitch

[Chorus]
Don't call me bitch
Don't call me bitch (call me bitch)
Don't call me bitch
Don't call me bitch

[Verse 2]
Don't call me bitch
You claim to be lady like
You wear your clothes so tight
That you excite the shady type
And at night girl you're the type to get freaky
When I see you in the daytime you're squeaky
Clean, what I mean is ya can't be a fiend for the green
And expect to get treated like a queen
'Cause the brothers on the blocks not havin' it
Let your fat ass pass little scandalous bitch
(talked to the niggas with the biggest bucks
Now ya fucked around and that ass got fucked)
I came equipped with some shit to get ya tipsy
'Cause a bitch is a bitch
She will use any trick to get me
And last year I used to be a saint
Runnin' around sayin' trust a bitch but now I can't
In '92 I'm living heartless
Tryin' to make a million out of 14 tracks so don't start shit
Niggas need to mind they dome
'Cause the time is on for them to find they own
Jock a nigga 'cause he did a major flick
Now you're mad 'cause I won't let you page me bitch
Don't call me bitch

[Chorus]
Don't call me bitch
Don't call me bitch
Don't call me bitch

[Verse 3]
I was got paid, but I remain true to my trade
I worked hard like a slave, to fin to rap to the grave
It's like a rope, I hung it 'cause I knew I was dope
While others giggled and joked
I watched and took notes
Never surrender, that was my motto as I keep strong
Second best for too long, critics I will prove wrong
Or dissin', no one would listen, they was dissin'
My record wouldn't sell they said somethin' was missin'
Claiming I was radical, 'cause I was true to the streets
But did the streets been true to me?
How the fuck would I look if I changed?
Actin' strange 'cause I got a little fame
Ain't that a bitch, I was born in a beat down shack
Ain't no turnin' back and now I'm makin' stacks
And ever since the movie
Hoes want to pop that coochie
Every time it suits me
And still I'm the same
I haven't changed my name
Still pledge allegiance to the game
Pledge my life to the ghetto ways
Do whatever it takes to get paid a day
Refuse to lose, never smoke crack
A mack is a nigga wit' the biggest sack
So baby pick a winner, don't die and swear
As long as that's your hair I'll take you there
But don't call me bitch

[Chorus + 2Pac talking]
Don't call me bitch
Don't call me bitch
Don't call me bitch
Don't call me bitch
Don't call me bitch

[Outro]
Dedicated to the scandalous hoes out there
Don't call me bitch
I be seeing you at the clubs you know tryin to sue a nigga
Don't call me bitch
And to them punk muthafuckas out there (heh)
Don't call me bitch
But I call you big Pac, nigga you playin' me like one so
Yo don't call me bitch
Yeah, and for them muthafuckas that tryin' to get me to sell out, fuck is on they muthafuckin' mind, shit
Don't call me bitch
Yeah, I told you dont call me bitch
Don't call me bitch
Don't call me bitch
Don't call me bitch
Don't call me bitch
Yeah, don't call me bitch
This one goes out to my partners in the live squad, ey see y'all?, Black Mafia
Y'all alright you know what I'm sayin'
5 niggas in this motherfucker, you know what I'm sayin'
Digital Underground, ron keys and the whole motherfuckin' stank
Any of ya know what I mean
Big john motherfuckin' singleton in the house, heartless records in the motherfuckin' house
Watch for a nigga on the big screen and you know what I mean
Don't call me bitch
Watch muthafuckas trip off of this song
But last year he was singing brendas got a baby this year hes sayin' don't call me bitch
Yeah, call me bitch
Some of you niggas are bitches too
Some of you niggas are bitches too
Some of you niggas are bitches too
Yeah, don't call me bitch
Don't call me bitch
Don't call me bitch[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Pictures of plenty, sippin' my glass full of henny
Hands on my semi—automatic kill for pennies
Approach for contact 'cause I'm live I multiply
Soon as I open fire niggas die wit' open eyes
Scare to take a nap, it's a trap a long maze
Dreamin' of gettin' stacks, makin' scratch the wrong way
What the song say, we murder motherfuckers daily
Black out blow the track out, my lyrics never fail me

[Verse 2: Eminem]
It's like a throne that he don't even own
He won't sit down give him a crown he just throws it around
It's like a joke he's like a king but he don't do a thing
He don't want the diamonds, want the gold or want the jewelry
He don't want the room or want the loot he's in it for the sport
Running circles 'round his competition on the court
He appreciates your support but he ain't begging for it
And you can love and you can hate it
But you can't ignore it, you can't be that ig-nor-ant
But you can try to sell him short
But you can't fuck with his last joint or the one before it
And he was born to raise hell like them country boys
And If I'm fronting man you better come confront me for it

[Verse 3: Notorious B.I.G.]
The pin stripes and the gray (uh-huh)
The one I wore on Mondays and Wednesdays
While niggas flirt
I'm sewing tigers on my shirt
And alligators
Ya wanna see the inside, huh, I see ya later
Here come the drama, oh
That's that nigga wit' the fake, blaow!
Why you punch me in my face?
Stay in ya place
Play ya position, here come my intuition
Go in this nigga pocket

[Hook: 2Pac]
Don't go to sleep
You can get ya cash on nigga if ya peep
Other niggas close they eyes
Seein' dreams in they sleep
But don't fall asleep
Don't go to sleep
You can get ya cash on nigga if ya peep
Other niggas close they eyes
Seein' dreams in they sleep
But don't fall asleep

[Verse 4: Dr. Dre]
Often, it's a young nigga, in a coffin
Tryin blossom, got shot down walkin, heh
Bleek a high to hot guy, turned cold
Bring the body bag, see the bullet hole and a burned soul
Don't cry, he chose the life
Fast lane, in the brain, he supposed to fight
How you smile at a momma when she lost a child?

[Verse 5: 2Pac]
I inhale strong weed then release the stress
Deliver the bomb shit from the East to West
Like yay-yo
Nigga's pull out when I say so
Commence to poppin' motherfuckers copy it fatal
Efficiently I delete then flee
The art of war, livin' sucka free, get wit' me
Motherfucker don't sleep

[Hook: 2Pac]
You can get ya cash on nigga if ya peep
Other niggas close they eyes
Seein' dreams in they sleep
But don't fall asleep
You can get ya cash on nigga if ya peep
Other niggas close they eyes
Seein' dreams in they sleep
But don't fall asleep[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Ahhh shit hahaha
When I enter the first zone, worst known mic holder
My Hummer roll up, evacuating strapped soldiers
Inside strategy, manifestin' military styles
Casual tragedy when niggas battle me
My Prophecized prediction, switch and move positions
Separated from his gun and bitch, and watch 'em start snitchin'
I keep spittin', still stupid niggas fail to listen
I personify this thug livin'; Hell or prison
My ammunition varies, my voice carries
Watch me invite the whole world me and the mob gettin' married
It seems horrifying screams pierce the dark
Just as suspected, a trick bitch where is your heart
You mark, watch niggas fall when I call they name
We outlaws hold your head niggas all the same
Except some who want more out of life than stress
We still thuggin' 'til it's no one left
Don't sleep

[Chorus]
We gon' ride, keep my pistol on my side
Always creep wit' the nine when I ride (when I ride)
Don't sleep
Blowin' pine, always hustlin' on the grind
'Cause I gotta get mine all the time (all the time)
Don't sleep
We gon' ride, keep my pistol on my side
Always creep wit' the nine when I ride (when I ride)
Don't sleep
Blowin' pine, always hustlin' on the grind
'Cause I gotta get mine all the time (all the time)

[Verse 2: Nutso]
Dumpin' on motherfuckers at random, rapidly
Wit' accuracy, they shouldn't talk, bad to me
It had to be a motherfuckin' murder, I'm glad to be
A nigga that did the murder, so sad to see
Another motherfucker floatin' In plastic reef
Sleep wit' his head wide open (head smokin')
Rapid release, keep the police coastin'
Casualties warrant in deep east Oakland (doors wide open)
Yolk the nigga off the asphalt
Drove off to the hills, positioned him on his knees and blew the back off
Death with the Lex Ruger, death to ya
Niggas cry when the bullets fly, kill and execute 'em

[Verse 3: Yaki Kadafi]
I blast first 'til they body me
Like my guns in variety
Runnin' wit' the real big willies you silly punks try to be
But front
Doin' my walk by's rollin' a blunt
Hands on my nuts in a getaway car full of stunts
Addicted to my nine, movin' like crime through time
Poppin' niggas like pimples nigga, nothin' simple 'bout mine
Etch-a-sketchin'
Dumpin' on all you punks at intersections
Day in and day out, ain't no easy way outs for easy exits
Don't sleep

[Chorus]
We gon' ride, keep my pistol on my side
Always creep wit' the nine when I ride (when I ride)
Don't sleep
Blowin' pine, always hustlin' on the grind
'Cause I gotta get mine all the time (all the time)
Don't sleep
We gon' ride, keep my pistol on my side
Always creep wit' the nine when I ride (when I ride)
Don't sleep
Blowin' pine, always hustlin' on the grind
'Cause I gotta get mine all the time (all the time)

[Verse 4: Lil' Scrappy]
G's up
A-Town
When I hit the street, all I can see is the grind
Blood sweat and tear, when I bust my rhyme
Yeah I un- for my folk like I load my nine
And when I let loose, then no crew standin' but mine
I gives a damn 'bout lame nigga actin' schiesty
Same one knew I was in jail and didn't write me
Wanna fight me then come find me
What ever you do shawty you better think wisely
You might see me wit' a stack in the trap (Aye)
I use my thoughts and pen similar to a saran wrap
A lil' lame nigga I'll never be
Yeah I'ma keep it g I'm from the Three and Scrap will never sleep
Aye

[Chorus]
We gon' ride, keep my pistol on my side
Always creep wit' the nine when I ride (when I ride)
Don't sleep
Blowin' pine, always hustlin' on the grind
'Cause I gotta get mine all the time (all the time)
Don't sleep
We gon' ride, keep my pistol on my side
Always creep wit' the nine when I ride (when I ride)
Don't sleep
Blowin' pine, always hustlin' on the grind
'Cause I gotta get mine all the time (all the time)
Don't sleep
Don't sleep
Don't sleep[Intro: 2Pac talking]
This go out to C. Delores Tucker, Bob Dole
And everybody else who feels like uh
They stronger than the constitution
Freedom of speech big baby
Freedom of speech
Ha ha ha
Outlawz
Goddamn! Rap music I hate that
It's just so violent and it destroys everybody, it makes the kids crazy
The kids kill people
They're cop haters
Here goin' against society, I don't understand the music
It's too loud. It's too loud, it's too rowdy, it's too violent
Let's ban all rap music
(Outlawz)
Ban 2Pac, ban the Outlaw Immortalz, ban 'em

[Verse 1: Young Noble]
Listen it ain't no stoppin' I gotta hustle
Cop it make it double
Try to stop it and touch it
I'ma cock it and bust it
Niggas fuck it I'm tryna get it addicted to fast livin'
Get rich or die tryin' nigga ask 50
I've been Operatin' Under Thug Laws As A Warrior
Oppressed by the industry the Hip-Hop government
Washed around by the Hip-Hop Police
Why you think Nas screamin' Hip-Hop deceased?
No justice (No justice)
All the judges got grudges
Givin' my niggas life for a little next to nothing
So wherever you are, just a little extra something
You ain't the only one, we all goin' through the struggle
Penny pinchin'
It's like you really ain't livin'
Resultin' on a 211’s, I'm cookin' in the kitchen
Like we lookin' and we wishin'
Prayin' will he hear it?
It's eatin' at my spirit
Speakin' for the spirits

[Verse 2: 2Pac]
You can't break me, never make me busta soft the beats
This Outlaw style got a brother off the streets
Miss Delores Tucker sue me I won't stop
'Til we get justice for these crooked cops on my block
Time Warner full of sissies, tell 'em all to miss me
A bunch of hypocrites whistlin' Dixie
Good riddance cause you never should of touched me
You cowards knew you couldn't take the pressure I'ma make you sorry
Trust me
Did I cry when they dropped me? (nah), can they stop me? (won't)
Tryna sell 4 million copies
If I wasn't spittin' it'd be prison or death
This rap game all we got left
So try to comprehend where we comin' from
Life as an Outlaw, ain't meant for everyone
So here we come
Recognize how we organize
Strategize now we unified brothers on the rise
And we can't stop

[Chorus: Young Noble]
No way no how we got to keep movin'
And puttin' it down
We can't stop
(Outlawz)
Until we reach the top
Through the music we speak to the blocks
Believe it or not

[Bridge]
I don't know what you've been, told
Real niggas don't stay on they go
Can't stop until I get that you know
Won't stop until I get that keep goin'

[Verse 3: Hussein Fatal]
Bury me with a Makaveli suit and a MAC
If God strike me with lightnin', I'm shootin' him back
Skinny cause I won't work out, my man is in the gym
Long as I'm strong enough to put a hammer on your chin
Trapped in the storm, fuck the world 'til I'm gone
I'm buckin' at Corey Brooke he treatin' my niggas wrong
Until I'm gone
They gon' see who I be
I picture this bricks duckin' from the penitentiary

[Verse 4: Yaki Kadafi]
See
Mysteriously it seems
Through my deepest thoughts and dreams
It's all wrong pop too long gone
And now 18 I'm stranded on my own
Abandoned here in the zone
Protect my throne pow like a king, Al Capone style
Fake no jacks on this grind
Coked up with crack I get mine
Livin' life as a Don, guess Gortex, Louis Vuitton

[Verse 5: Hussein Fatal]
Yeah your boys back with the proper team
When they think I'm wearin' Red I'ma rock the green
On a whole 'nother episode
Cops never heard of ya
The otherside'll hide down the block from the murder scene
Catch ya man he dead with the fifth
When it's hot on Nu he G-Ride from the clear to the bricks
So gangster how he switched from the clear to the bricks
Niggas hate it but they scared of the fifth

(And we won't stop)
Outlawz!

[Chorus: Young Noble]
No way no how we got to keep movin'
And puttin' it down
We can't stop
(Outlawz)
Until we reach the top
Through the music we speak to the blocks
Believe it or not

[Bridge]
I don't know what you've been, told
Real niggas don't stay on they go
Can't stop until I get that you know
Won't stop until I get that keep goin'

[Verse 6: Big Syke]
This rap game like a robbery
Cause it seem somebody hidin' me my nigga
Make a motherfucker cop a Ki'
Motherfucker ain't no stoppin' me my nigga
It's Mussolini see me all in the midst
I'm still chillin' like I'm bottle of Crys'
Enemies, sharpen they miss
So when you see me they can give me a kiss
The one posin' with the frozen wrists
Outlaw immortalized we survived and curst
So I claim it like I'm bangin' a turf
Yeah it's easy like I'm puttin' in work
Not an easy you wanna jerk
Call me squeezey I'm ready to murk
Outlaw, Makaveli nigga ready to flow
So baby are you ready to go?
Outlaw my niggas what they screamin' at night
But Big Syko with the thug in your life
My nigga

[Verse 7: E.D.I. Mean]
Don't stop (Don't stop)
Keep goin' (Keep goin')
Even when the wheels fall off we keep rollin' (Keep rollin')
This Hip-Hop thing just won't stop
It's number one at the top of the charts
Here to stay like 'Pac
Man I just can't let it go
It's in my blood stream (Yeah)
So when I flow, I gotta do my thug thing
For the hood the under privileged and oppressed
Young nigga get rich, cash more cheques
Take the hood life
Put it on on wax
Get stakes now we livin' the good life
Car brand new and it shine so clean
Bought momma a house, on sweet sixteen's
And we, sittin' clean in the latest edition
From the block to the movie screen deep in and pimpin'
Recognize how we organize
Strategize now we unified brothers on the rise
And we won't stop

[Chorus: Young Noble & Stormy]
No way no how we got to keep movin'
And puttin' it down
We can't stop
(Outlawz)
Until we reach the top
Through the music we speak to the blocks
Believe it or not

[Bridge]
I don't know what you've been, told
Real niggas don't stay on they go
Can't stop until I get that you know
Won't stop until I get that keep goin'

Outlawz...
OutlawzI ain't got time for this, man I'm out

[Chorus]
You should stop, for a while
You will find me standing by (don't you trust me)
Over here, at the side, of your life (it's not that I don't trust you)
You spend all your hours just rushing, around
Do you have a little time
To have a little time for me?
(not that I don't trust you)

[Verse One]
As soon as I leave the house you wanna page me
See you got me trapped I'm goin crazy this is slavery
You act like it's outrageous, just give me space and we'll get better
And maybe we won't argue and be through with all these sorry letters
Soon as I come home it's like I get the third degree
Where you been and who you wit, I get no room to breathe
It makes me wanna leave, I'm sick of these tricks up your sleeve
Your suspicious I deceive, gimme grief when poppa leave
But to me, if you really trust me then it's pitiful
Question me about my whereabouts, that's so trivial
Let me live my life and you can live yours
Just be there to help me and support me that's what you're here for
Not to give me stress and add to pressure
Home is where I go to rest, I go to pass the test
I'm sorry if I left you all alone
But I couldn't make it home, so we argue on the phone
Don't you trust me?

[Chorus]
You should stop, for a while
You will find me standing by (don't you trust me)
Over here, at the side, of your life (it's not that I don't trust you)
You spend all your hours just rushing, around
Do you have a little time
To have a little time for me?
(not that I don't trust you)

[Verse Two]
Callin at my house then hangin up, you think that makes sense?
Tell me what it takes for us to shake so we can be friends
It's time for us to take our seperate paths
We had a lot of laughs but the good's become the past
Let's make it an even break, don't make it scandalous
Try and be mature, I'm pretty sure that we can handle this
You're sayin I'm too busy, I ignore you
I guess you didn't hear me when I said that I, cared for you
But now it seems the arguments are nightly
I wanna hold you tightly but instead you wanna fight me
So why let it stress and aggravate me
Instead I'd rather break, hope you don't hate me
You tell me that you love me but you're lyin
Fightin back the urge to just start cryin
I'll wipe away your tears, come and hug me
I love you like you love ME, girl, but don't you trust me?

[Chorus]
You should stop, for a while
You will find me standing by (don't you trust me)
Over here, at the side, of your life (it's not that I don't trust you)
You spend all your hours just rushing, around
Do you have a little time
To have a little time for me?
(not that I don't trust you)

[Verse 3]
I hang up the phone, I can't bear to hear you yellin at me
Maybe we should end it, neither one of us are happy
You know that I'm emotional, you know me
Comin over cryin just to get me feelin guilty
You and me were meant to be and yet
You always wanna sweat, how much closer can we get
Don't fret, just let me pack my things and I'll be outtie
This time I'm breakin out, you let your mouth overcrowd me
I can't take the beefin and the griefin
I get no room to sleep, I hope to see some cause I'm leavin
Maybe next time you'll be a little more sure
And I can give you more when you mature
But baby until then I gotta leave ya
It's not that I don't need ya but SEE YA
And I hope you understand why I'm bustin
Not because we rushed it
Don't you trust me?

[Chorus]
You should stop, for a while
You will find me standing by (don't you trust me)
Over here, at the side, of your life (it's not that I don't trust you)
You spend all your hours just rushing, around
Do you have a little time
To have a little time for me?
(not that I don't trust you)

[Outro]
Don't you trust me?
It's not that I don't trust you
Don't you trust me?
It's not that I don't trust you[Verse]
Late night coolin' with my homies
Drinkin' Hennessey and cold brew
After smokin', stopped in Oakland
Got the munchies for some soul food
So we stopped to get a bite to eat
At the local barbecue
It's just another boring Monday
And there's nothing else to do
Now as we stepped out of the car
I heard someone behind me fighting
So I turn to look and find out
What's the cause of this excitement
One brother was a dopefiend
And the other was a dopeman
And the dope man had an AK
Said he'll spray and he's not jokin'
Well it seems to be the dopefiend
Owed the dope man for his product
And he swore if he did not pay
He would end up getting shot up
Now I could not walk away
Cause I got caught up in the scene
Wondering what would happen to this
Poor and helpless fiend
Well my homie, Michael Cooley
Said let's go and make our order
What's the use in watchin' two men
Stand out here fight over quarters
While I walked inside the diner
And all the Dope Fiends waved to me
Heard the sound of several gun shots
And I ran outside to see...

All the people in the diner
Ran outside to see the big show
It was just another party
For them to see just who they would know
But for me I held concern
I wanted to go see the outcome
Would the mother have her son tonight
Or would she live her life without one?
I made it to the streets I
Almost cried right on the spot
Not only had the fiend died
But a small girl had been shot
And my heart could take no more
I felt a tear roll down my face
That was daddy's bullet
But she took it in his place

I tried to make my way through the crowd
So I could go help the baby
She could barely speak
But she whispered
Mister can you please save me
So I screamed out, someone help me
But I dont think they could hear
And if they did, they didn't care
Oh how I hated everyone there
The baby lie here dying
And I wondered what could I do
The camera men and newspapers had come
To get their interviews
To them it's just a story
And they can't see the tragedy
To them it doesn't matter
Cause it ain't, it wasn't their family
I don't think I'll be back
Cause it'll never be the same here
So I wipe away the tears
And leave the scene the way I came here
Though some people say it's crazy
And the food could have been finer
I'll never forget, never forget the night
At Dopefiend's Diner

[Outro]
Do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do...[Chorus: Carl Thomas]
Who you are
One nation under a thug and bullet scar
Young nation, no revolution and no cause
One nation, young black and dangerous by far
Young nation just tryin' to get this

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Murderous mind state, can't keep my 9 straight
Sippin' on this Hennessy, waitin' for the time to break
Show up and motherfuckers bow down, recognize
Westside, Death Row, Outlaw ridaz
Untouchable mob of pistol packers
Well-known felons, labelled for drug-sellin' merciless jackers
Forever buzzed, roll with thugs and dogs
Commence to lettin' off rounds, then escape in a fog
Who wanna see me solo? Catch Makaveli while he's sleepin'
My Mini-14 murderin' niggas while they creepin'
Uh, duck or you ass out, drink 'til you pass out
Ain't scared to die, drunk drivin' in my glasshouse
Niggas is under me, they bitches come to me
They heard the stories, nigga, now they wanna really see
"Bomb first" my motto, it's fully guaranteed
Niggas is playa haters, label them my enemies; I'm dumpin'

[Chorus: Carl Thomas]
Who you are
One nation under a thug and bullet scar
Young nation, no revolution and no cause
One nation, young black and dangerous by far
Young nation just tryin' to get this

[Verse 2: Hussein Fatal]
When it's on, I'm poppin' off every chance I get
Out the window on some "Uptown Anthem" shit
I'm stressin', but ain't no pressure here, I been there before
Fugitive, task force at my girlfriend door
Now they checkin' out my bedroom, I ain't there
.40 cal's, extended clips, still I ain't scared
Outlaw, and best believe they won't take me alive
I'm different, and I'ma prove it if it take me to die
Knew that God had a plan for me
But he won't be layin' up in my casket or doin' life in the can for me
Maybe I'm breezy or paranoid than a bitch
Me dyin' – you think I'd let them see the joy from that shit?
Walkin' dead, angel spend they last days by me
New Jersey giant like Dave Tyree
Young George and Jonathan Jatt
Your guns clap, mine'll go brraaatt, soldier like Geronimo Pratt
And come through cockin' the black pound
When they put the Twin Towers up
Pac, I'm knockin' them back down
Poster child cheque, Air Force Ones
With the crooked dial checks, I'm supposed to wild sex
Money and murder is all I breathe in my life
It's full of judges and chasin' enemies in the night
Through the Henny I see the eyes of the Devil
G ridin' with extra boxes of bullets to the 9 and the shovel

[Chorus: Carl Thomas]
Who you are
One nation under a thug and bullet scar
Young nation, no revolution and no cause
One nation, young black and dangerous by far
Young nation just tryin' to get this

[Verse 3: Papoose]
I always thought I'd have to die to do a record with Pac
So I wrote from the perspective of a graveyard box
You end up in a box, ‘cause them graverobbin' bastards
Dig your grave back up, snatched you out the casket
Worms in my eyes, eatin' through my cabbage
The flesh to the bones, the bones to the ashes
But I'm not dead, I'm actually in a session
With the Pac keepin' the shot money, progressive
They don't really want no drama, I know you're goons
That's why I keep pressure on them, like a open wound
This God-given, he keep givin' me better music
So every time you hear me, my songs present improvement
Y'all can't kill me, y'all forever losin', songs are evolution
If I load your gun for you and we bang it out at some other niggas, you better shoot it
Don't try to lie and say you was bustin' – I'm clever, stupid!
Claimin' you reppin' Ruthless
You got the same bullets that you had when I loaded it for you
You never used it; the Nacirema dream get ready for execution
Papoose, Fatal and Pac – the revolution

[Chorus: Carl Thomas]
Who you are
One nation under a thug and bullet scar
Young nation, no revolution and no cause
One nation, young black and dangerous by far
Young nation just tryin' to get thisI remember when u were LOST
and your soul was in the wind
It was at this awkward moment
that u and I became friends
But then your soul was found
and u discovered celibacy
But with this u forgot about me
and our bond was a memory
And now I c u felt it
the bond we made before
I pray 2 God it stands
and severs never more[Intro: 2Pac]
Young Thugs in this motherfucker
Don't break up the fight, let 'em rumble
Don't make enemies with me
I try to tell these motherfuckers they ain't see
Don't make enemies with me

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Some say my criminal experience is legendary
I do what's necessary
Niggas wanna see me buried
Worried, if you comin' hurried
I ain't goin' down, fuck the world I'm a thug
Tell 'em can't nothin' stop me but a slug
I went from drug dealin' to a shot caller
From off the block, no longer rock
And puttin' money in my pocket, nationwide baller
Bitch nigga I'm prepared to die, Before I fry
I hit the weed so I be forever high
My eyes has seen so much in misery, So before I flee
I open fire let the lord pick the first to bleed
Bitches don't wanna see me leave, forever thuggin'
Tell 'em bury me a G on everything I love
And fuck the law cause the raw niggas ain't free
This picture's clear but we can't see, hahaha
This game is jealousy, Don't let 'em change
That's what they keep on tellin' me, motherfuck the fame
I can't sleep cause I keep hearin' peeps
Loaded Mossberg wrapped in my sheets

[Hook: 2Pac]
Don't make enemies with me
I try to tell these motherfuckers they ain't see
Don't make enemies with me
You rather fuck with these other little G's
Don't make enemies with me, nigga
I try to tell these motherfuckers they ain't see
Don't make enemies with me
You rather fuck with these other little G's
Don't make enemies with me

[Verse 2: Mutah & K-Dogg]
The game is gettin' deeper with this I couldn't stop, I'm reminiscin'
And havin' flashbacks when them niggas came up missin'
Wish in my heart, these niggas they ain't have to start
Now therefore they gotta see in dark
Played the part with heart when we spark they part
Runnin' silly through the court, they don't really wanna start
How you wanna do?, yo K, anyway
These motherfuckers wanna play we can do it all day
So I stay, sippin' on my aray to keep my head fine
And I'm where, Everywhere from here to bedtime (yeah nigga)
And I squeeze when I say I'm comin'
Straight gunnin' on enemies if it's really me that they wantin'
Cause it ain't nothin', y'all niggas is frontin'
Do you really want it? niggas dyin'...

[Hook: 2Pac]
Don't make enemies with me
I try to tell these motherfuckers they ain't see
Don't make enemies with me
You rather fuck with these other little G's
Don't make enemies with me
I try to tell these motherfuckers they ain't see
Don't make enemies with me
You rather fuck with these other little G's
Don't make enemies with me

[Verse 3: Big Mal & Yak]
Now, we're in '94, Niggas get bust through the do'
[?] in a flash sittin' on that ass And rarely fold
Galitter tell 'em 'bout that trife shit You wanna fight?
I wanna light shit, you lose your life bitch (bee-yatch!)
A nigga struggle too hard for what I got
Hustle And doubled every fuckin' yard that I cop and stop
Hell nah! I couldn't see it
Facin' a century in the Penitentiary but so be it
And Jesus couldn't help me out the state
Prepare for an early date to see my fate at the pearly gate
But wait No time for stallin' But death is callin'
You wanna stomp on it somebody's gotta start fallin'
True, what I do from sun up is for a come up
Wake up with my gun up Cause when I sneak that's when they run up
So It's time to spray like Ray
And put the freeze on these fake G's You know how we do

[Hook: 2Pac]
Don't make enemies with me
I try to tell these motherfuckers they ain't see
Don't make enemies with me
You rather fuck with these other little G's
Don't make enemies with me, nigga
I try to tell these motherfuckers they ain't see
Don't make enemies with me
You rather fuck with these other little G's
Don't make enemies with me

[Outro: 2Pac]
What nigga? Young motherfuckin' Thugs, let's out do it
Don't make enemies with me nigga
Y'all better fuck with these other niggas
You don't see it
Don't make enemies with me
Motherfuckers is fatal nigga
I swear by the Gods
Don't make enemies with me nigga
Niggas gonna see they caskets fuckin' with these bastards
Don't make enemies with me
It's for all those motherfuckers that's swearin' to God
That they be doin' something
Don't make enemies with me
That they touchin' something
That they being something
Y'all niggas ain't shit
That's on my mama bring the drama, nigga
Young Thugs, fuck the drugs
These niggas makin' records, y'all niggas best to check it
Cause y'all gonna get yo asshole tore
They tearin' patches out you niggas ass
All y'all niggas, I don't give a fuck who you runnin' with
This is thug life nigga, the new generation motherfucker
Young Thugs we chin checkin' all you junior high school motherfuckers
Y'all better feel this shit, don't make enemies with these niggas
You better be friendly motherfucker, I swear to God
We runnin' through, smile from handshake[Intro]
"Your life has been marked by considerable pain..
Do you think you'll ever get to the point where you can live
A normal, happy life?"

No, but.. I.. I'm goin' for it.. I'm tryin' for it
And until then..I have to make the life that I do live
As happy as I can and try to do the best with what I have
Do.. you know, live the best life I can live
Be as happy as I can be.. nothing is perfect for anybody
I don't think

Thug for life, feel me? (that's right)
I know it seems hard sometimes, but..
Remember one thing..
To every dark night, there's a bright day after that
All my homeboys and my homegirls, stay strong
When things get bad, especially come the first and the fifteenth
So no matter how hard it get, stick you chest out, keep your head up..
And handle it!
Hold on..
I'll catch y'all up in the next life
We're in traffic

Ay do this Thug style main, Thug style
When this whole beat drop we just gon' run it to 'em bet
It's all good, uhh

[2Pac]
I never had much, ran with a bad bunch
Little skinny kid sneakin' weed in my bag lunch
And all through Junior High, we was just gettin' by
And driveby's robbed my homies of their young lives
I never did cry, and even though I had
Pain in my heart, I was hopeless from the start
They couldn't tell me nothin', they all tried to help me
The marijuana had my mind gone it wasn't healthy
I travelled places, caught cases, what a ill year
I felt the pain and the rain but I'm still here
Never did like the police, let the whole world know
Now I gets no peace, cause they chasin' me down
And facing me now, what do I do?
These thangs that a Thug goes through
And still I rise so keep ya head up, and make ya mind strong
It's a struggle every day but you gotta hold on

[Chorus]
I wish I could take the pain away
If you can make it through the night, there's a brighter day
Everything will be alright if you hold on
It's a struggle every day, you gotta roll on
I wish I could take the pain away
If you can make it through the night, there's a brighter day
Everything will be alright if you hold on
It's a struggle every day, you gotta roll on

[2Pac]
There's, never a good day, cause in my hood they
Let they AK's pump strays where the kids play
And every Halloween, check out the murder scene
Can't help but duplicate the violence seen on the screen
My homies dyin' 'fore they get to see they birthdays
These is the worst days, sometimes it hurts to pray
And even God turned his back on the ghetto youth
I know that ain't the truth, sometimes I look for proof
I wonder if heaven got a ghetto, and if it does
Does it matter if you blood or you cuz
Remember how it was, the picnics and the parties in the projects
Small time drinkin' getting high with them armies
Just another knucklehead kid from the gutter
I'm dealin' with the madness, raised by a single mother
I'm tryin' to tell you when it's on
You gotta keep your head to the sky and be strong, most of all hold on

[Chorus]
I wish I could take the pain away
If you can make it through the night, there's a brighter day
Everything will be alright if you hold on
It's a struggle every day, you gotta roll on
I wish I could take the pain away
If you can make it through the night, there's a brighter day
Everything will be alright if you hold on
It's a struggle every day, you gotta roll on

[Interlude:]
I know them ain't tears coming down your face
When it's on it's on but wipe your eyes
In this world only the strong survive y'know
Hmm, I know it's hard out there
Welfare, AIDS, earthquakes, muggings, carjackings
Yeah we got problems but believe me when I tell you
Things always get better God don't like ugly
And God don't like no quitters
You know what Billie Holiday said bay-bee
God bless the child that can hold his own
Y'know? You got to stand strong
And when these busters try to knock you out your place
You stand there to they face tell em hold on, and be strong
The game don't stop, Hmmm
Hold on, and be strong, this here is Black Man

[Outro]
If you don't never leave nothin', learn one thing
It don't stop, til the casket drop
Hold on[Intro: 2Pac]
Imagine if we could go back
Actually talk to the motherfuckers that persevered (hehehe)
I mean the first motherfuckers that came in the slave ships
(Hey, excuse me, excuse me) Y'know? (Look)

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
We back for everything you owe, no longer oppressed
'Cause now we overthrow those that placed us in this rotten mess
But let's agree on strategy and pick out enemies right
Who stands accused of the abuse my own, kind do right
Pardon, not disregardin' what you thinkin' but you must abandon ship
'Cause once I rip your whole shit is sinkin'
Supreme ideology, you claim to hold
Claimin' that we all drug dealers with empty souls
That used to tempt me to roll, commit to violence
In the midst of an act of war, witnesses left silent
Shatter, black talon style, thoughts I throw
It remains in your brain then of course it grows
Maybe, even your babies can produce and rise
Picture a life where black babies can survive past five
But we must have hope, quotin' the reverend from the pulpit
Refuse to turn the other cheek we must defeat the evil culprit
Lace me with words of destruction and I'll explode
But supply me with the will to survive, and watch the world grow
This ain't 'bout talkin' 'bout problems, I bring solutions
Where's the restitution, stipulated through the constitution
You violated, now I'm back to haunt your nights
Listen to the screams, of the lives you sacrificed
And in case you don't know, ghetto born black seeds still grow
We comin' back, for everything you owe

[Hook: sung]
I'm comin' collectin' the shit that belong to me
Motherfuckers are runnin' and duckin'
I'm a crazy nigga on a mission wit' a bad mentality
Armed with missiles guns grenades
Pull out the pin, free I'm comin'

[Collision: 2Pac]
How do you plead Mr. Shakur, how do you plead?
How do I plead?
Yes sir, how do you plead?
Shit, you know how I plead
C'mon!!
Psssh

[Verse 2: 2Pac]
Not guilty on the grounds of insanity it was them or me
Bustin' at my innocent family, say they lookin' for ki's
I was home alone, blind to the prelude
Bust in, talkin' bout, "Where is the quaaludes?" What you say fool?
Where in the hell is the search warrant?
No feedback is what he uttered, before he screamed "Nigga motherfucker"
Dropped me to my knees, I proceed to bleed
Sufferin' a rain of blows to my hands and knees
Will I survive, is God watchin'?
I grab his gat and bust in self-defense, my only option
God damn!
Now they got me goin' to the county jail
And my family can't pay this outrageous bail
Try to offer me a deal, they told me if I squeal
Move me, and my people, to a mansion in Brazil
Not me, so this is how it ends, no friends
I'll be stressed and they just, repossessed my Benz
Told the judge it was self-defense, he won't listen
So I'm bumpin' this in federal prison, givin' everything I owe

[Hook: sung]
I'm comin' collectin' the shit that belong to me
Motherfuckers are runnin' and duckin'
I'm a crazy nigga on a mission wit' a bad mentality
Armed with missiles guns grenades
Pull out the pin, free I'm comin'
I'm comin' collectin' the shit that belong to me
Motherfuckers are runnin' and duckin'
I'm a crazy nigga on a mission wit' a bad mentality
Armed with missiles guns grenades
Pull out the pin, free I'm comin'[Voice sample from Star Trek V]
I couldn't help but notice your pain
[My pain?]
It runs deep
Share it with me!

[Verse 1: 2Pac:]
They'll never take me alive
I'm gettin' high with my four-five
Cocked on these suckas, time to die
Even as a youngster causin' ruckus on the back of the bus
I was a fool all through high school kickin' up dust
But now I'm labelled as a trouble maker who can you blame?
Smokin' weed helped me take away the pain
So I'm hopeless
Rollin' down the freeway swervin, don't worry
I'm about to crash up on the curb, cause my visions blurry
Maybe if they tried to understand me
What should I do?
I had to feed my fuckin' family
What else could I do?
But be a thug
Out slangin' with the homies
Fuck hangin' with them phonies in the clubs
Got my mind on danger
Never been a stranger to homicide
My city's full of gang bangers and drive-bys
Why do we die at an early age?
He was so young
But still a victim of the 12 gauge
My memories of a corpse
Mind full of sick thoughts
And I ain't goin' back to court
So fuck what you thought
I'm drinkin' hennessey
Runnin from my enemies
Will I live to be 23?
There's so much pain

[Hook]
Everywhere I go
I see the darkness
Covering skys
Everywhere I go
Everywhere I go
Trouble seems to find me
Blood in my eyes
Everywhere I go

[Verse 2: Game:]
What would you do, if you couldn't make it to the NBA?
What would you do, if you couldn't sing, like a Mary J?
What would you do, if you couldn't hit a white ball, like Tyga?
If you wanted to model, but you wasn't skinny like Tyra?
What if you wanted to be Eminem
But the closet thing to him, was a pack of M&M's?
You can be Eminem, and I got proof
Or you could be Obama, and bring back troops
Or you could be Osama, and tear off roofs
Or be Corporate America, and reject all youth
Be the fly on the woodgrain, inside my Coop
Or be the sole, inside my shoe
So you can see where I walk, you can see where I been
See my father raping my sister when she was just ten
9, 8, 7, 6, NASA take me away, life's a bitch

[Hook 2]
Everywhere I go
Trouble seems to find me
Blood in my eyes
Everywhere I go

[Verse 3: 2Pac]
They got me mobbin' like I'm
Loc'ed and ready to get my slug on
I load my clip and slip my motherfuckin' gloves on
I ain't scared to blast on these suckas if they test me
Trust, I got my Glock cocked playa if they press me
Bust on motherfuckers with a - paaassion
Better duck cause I ain't lookin when I'm - blaaastin'
I'm a nuttin, drinkin' Hennessey and gettin' high
On the lookout for my enemies
Don't wanna die
Tell me why cause this stress is gettin' major
A buck-fifty across the face with my razor
What can I do but be a thug until I'm dead and gone
Keep my brain on the game and stay head strong
These sorry bastards
Want to kill me in my sleep but will they can I see
And everyday it's just a struggle
Steady thuggin' on the streets
And I'll be ballin' loc
Don't let 'em make you worry
Keep swingin' at these suckas till you buried
I was born to raise hell
A nigga from the gutta
Word to mutha I'm tough
I'm kickin dust up
Ready to bust
I'm on the scene steady muggin' mean
Until they kill me
I'll be livin this life
I know you feel me
There's so much pain

[Hook 2]Davey D: His mother, Afeni Shakur, was a member of the Black Panther Party.  She was pregnant with Tupac while in jail and on trial as one of the Infamous New York 21. This was a time where all the members of the party were accused of conspiracy to bomb public places. Afeni Shakur was eventually acquitted of all charges. Tupac's aunt Assata Shakur was also a member of the Black Panther Party. She was accused of killing a New Jersey state trooper. She eventually fled the country in exile. Today she still lives in Cuba. Tupac described his mom as a strong-willed woman who handled her business. His real father was unknown. As a youth, he identified with a pimp and petty hustler named "Legs" who later died from a crack-induced heart attack. Tupac was described as an energetic child who always liked to imagine himself in the lead role. His mom saw fit to enroll him at age 12 in the 127 Street Ensemble, which was a theatre group in Harlem, New York. Tupac’s first acting role was the character, Travis, in the play Raisin in the Sun. Tupac did not involve himself with rap until he and his family moved to Baltimore. As a young teenager, he took on the name "MC New York." While living in Baltimore, Tupac continued his acting by auditioning and later being accepted in Baltimore's Prestigious School for the Arts. At age 17, Tupac moved with his mom to Marin City in the San Francisco Bay area. It was in Marin City that Tupac lived about street life. In an attempt to be accepted and fit in with his peers, Tupac became a petty hustler who sold drugs. It was in Marin City that Tupac rediscovered rap. He ingratiated himself in the Bay Area's emerging rap scene by joining a group called Strictly Dope. This group featured fellow Bay Area rap star Ray Luv. While a member of Strictly Dope, Tupac decided to branch out and he eventually became friends with Digital Underground’s lead rapper, Shock G. Tupac auditioned for the group and he eventually became part of the group first as a roadie and later as a dancer. He went on to be a hype man for the group Digital Underground. As a member of Digital Underground, Tupac became known as "the rebel of the underground." Much of this had to do with his excitable and unpredictable personality. Tupac's tendency to stir up things had lead to many of his successes, as well as many of his troubles.

(Troubles, troubles, troubles, troubles...)Hahhahahha
(well I ain't do nuttin', well I ain't do nuttin')
Get him, shoot that nigga {​​gun shot}​​ huh
It's on son hahaha (it's on) niggas gon' {​​gun shot}​​ huh
Can you feel it, we gon' {​​gun shot}​​ huh
Oaktown in the house
Niggas goin' {​​gun shot}​​ huh (that nigga gotta gun)
Ricky Town in the house
Motherfuckers goin' {​​gun shot}​​ huh
South Central's in the house
Motherfuckers goin' {​​gun shot}​​ huh
Houston, Texas can you feel me (watch out!) go  {​​gun shot}​​ huh
Springfield, Queens in the house
Motherfuckers goin' (boomyah) {​​gun shot}​​ huh
Young gunz in the motherfuckin' house let me ya hear ya go (boomyah) {​​gun shot}​​ huh
Can ya feel it motherfuckers go {​​gun shot}​​ huh
Thug life, thug life we goin' {​​gun shot}​​ huh
Mack 10 go {​​gun shot}​​ huh
Rated R in the motherfuckin' house look out, look out {​​gun shot}​​
[?] {​​gun shot}​​ huh
[?] get 'em {gun shot} huh
D-Lo smoke 'em {​​gun shot}​​ huh
Sergio uh get down nigga {​​gun shot}​​ huh
Big Syke in the motherfuckin' house go {​​gun shot}​​ huh
Lil' Corey grow strong nigga and go {​​gun shot}​​ huh
Madman in the motherfucker {​​gun shot}​​ huh
[?] in the motherfuckin' house go {​​gun shot}​​ huh
Feel me! {​​gun shot}​​ huh
Bay's in this motherfucker {​​gun shot}​​ huh
Big Stretch in the motherfuckin' house (boomyah) {​​gun shot}​​ huh
K-Lo (look out look out) in the motherfuckin' house {​​gun shot}​​ huh
Madness you Bad Boy huh why enemy I'm comin', I'm comin', I'm comin' ah ah they goin' {​​gun shot}​​
I need a gangsta bitch 'less they kept it go {​​gun shot}​​ huh
Can you feel it? boo yaaaa they go {​​gun shot}​​
Ayo fuck the police we goin' {​​gun shot}​​
In 93 you find 'em dead {​​gun shot}​​ huh
Two shots in the head, (is that a cop) hear me? ( kill him) {​gun shot}​​ huh
[?] we gives a fuck {​​gun shot}​​ huh
Thug life nigga (kill 'em, kill 'em, kill 'em , kill 'em) all my niggas goin' {​​gun shot}​​ huh
Bloods and the Crip (kill 'em, kill 'em, kill 'em, kill 'em) , pisssh huh we goin' {​​gun shot}​​
Did you hear me Bloods and Crip (kill 'em, kill 'em, kill 'em, kill 'em), pissh huh we goin' {​​gun shot}​​
Yeah, (shoot that motherfucker) fuck the police we goin' {​​gun shot}​​
(shoot that nigga too) Nation wide (word up!, shoot 'em) we goin' {​​gun shot}​​
Let me just take you (yeah!) of what we did on filthy nigga (feel that shit motherfucker) we goin' {​gun shot}​
My Glock .45 (yeah, nigga!), mini 14 (fight that shit), 12 gauge [?], 9 millimeter (kill him), can ya FEEEEEEEEEEEL IT?
Yeah!, you just can't fade me, we goin' {​​gun shot}​​ (yeah )
And all my niggas huh in the pen we goin' {​​gun shot}​​ huh
I said my niggas in the pen we goin' {​​gun shot}​​ huh
See you when you get out nigga we goin' {​​gun shot}​​ huh
Thug life in the motherfuckin' house, we goin' {​​gun shot}​​
Dee-7 (till I die nigga) Dee-7, Dee-7 in the motherfucker we goin' {​​gun shot}​​ huh
READ THE PAPERS (thug life nigga) (thug life), READ THE PAPERS! {​​gun shot}​​
Yeah! nigga, don't you knew[Chorus: 2Pac]
He who writes for Billboard Charts
But kicks no material from inside the heart
They fade away, fade away

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Okay, now let's take a look, what do we got now?
To the second looks, the crooks gon' prop now
All these mean muggin' brothers from the streets
Have turned into tender lovin' rubbin' club beats
I just don't understand it and frankly I don't get it
And even if it is, better fakin' I ain't wit' it
So if you lookin' for a fool, you can pass me
No funky footsteps here, so don't even ask me
That's why dancers on the payroll gettin' paid
But ain't no dancers in the studio when the record's made
It's just me and Big D goin' buckwild, on top of the pile
I'm giving emcees nuts styles
So come come make you done if you feel it wrong
Lay low and lean but sleep and I'ma pull ya cards
2Pacalypse is rockin' it for the public
Bumping it and they love it and I'm hit like Razor Ruddock
So what you wanna do now? You and your crew are through now
Think the ice is meltin', 'cause brothers are comin' true now
Hitting it with the furious styles, and I'm paid to say
Hip-hop's here to stay, they fade away

[Chorus]
He who writes for Billboard Charts
But kicks no material from inside the heart
They fade away, fade away

[Verse 2: 2Pac]
To Mister Sambo [?] look alike
Hook it like crook, I step-fucker and took your mic
And when there's not a single instrument playin'
And ain't nobody prayin', I can't hear a word that you sayin'
Heard you sold two million records in a million states
But there's a million faker and mill get snakes sellin' a million tapes
And the typical types don't impress me
She's depressed on the quest to undress me
Sometimes I jest, I don't vest, so don't test me
This ain't no bus, so don't rush or arrest me
Don't disrespect me, punk, I'm a citizen
Making money and rippin' angels is beautiful world we're living in
Looking at the Grammy nominations, smilin' in my face and
Waitin' to take my place at the pace of a corporation
This is just a taste of the aggravation, frustration
Having a faith in your occupation
Cops think I'm selling a basin, I'm selling tapes and
Tryna take my race to the better place and
Peace to the brothers that paved the way
Rollin' over in they grave today while they fade away

[Chorus]
He who writes for Billboard Charts
But kicks no material from inside the heart
They fade away, fade away
He who writes for Billboard Charts
But kicks no material from inside the heart
They fade away, fade away

[Break]
Fade away
Fade away
[?] Never fade away
[?] Never fade away
[?] Never fade away
[?] Never fade away

[Verse 3]
[?] never fade away and
We don't deal with tryin' to fade away
[?] away with an AK
[?]
[?]
[?] try to fade away
[?] they all run away
Away an AK

[Break]
Never fade away
Never fade away (never, no!)
Never fade away
Never fade, never fade, never never fade away

[Chorus]
He who writes for Billboard Charts
But kicks no material from inside the heart
So fade away, fade away

[Outro]
[?][Intro: Jazze Pha & 2Pac]
Ladies and gentlemen! (And gentlemen)
This, is a Jazze Phizzile produc-shizzle (Jazze Pha, Jazze Pha)
My nizzle! (My nizzle) Ha!
Outlawz! (Outlawz) 2Pac, Makaveli!
Still breathin', yeah, woo - wooo-WHEEE!

[Verse 1]
A picture of perfection, the object of a nigga affection
Partners in passionate sex, a place to put my erection
Fantasies of you in submission, freaky positions
Pushin', pullin' and twistin' I'm on a mission got me on the mash
Tried to dig, you was screamin' when I did
Steady yellin' out spots for me to hit, and "aw shit"
Soon as I seen her saw us playin' hide the weiner
Wanna "Freak Like Me", fuck Adina
Up and down is the object, side to side
Make you holla out my name when a thug nigga ride, "Can I cum inside?"
Say you don't feel it that's a lie
You just scared to get this Penitentiary dick
The trot caught your eye When I walked by
I said, "Hi"
But you was so shy, I can't lie, damn near stuttered when you walked by
You want me to lick it and even worse
Got your heart set on me goin' first, and that ain't no fair exchange

[Hook: Jazze Pha]
You do me
And if it's worth it baby, I'll return the favor
And give it back to you (give it to you, give it to you)
A fair exchange, on everythang
And Let me tell you that's the way it's gotta be
Open your eyes baby, recognize a player
Give it up to me (give it to me give it to me)
A fair exchange, you know the game
We can do the damn thang, thang, thang

[Verse 2]
Open your legs
Got me marchin' like it’s a million, you tremble from the feelin'
Look up, cause I got mirrors on the ceilin'
And if you willin', then we can ride until the sun shine
And just for fun, I betchu I can make you cum 61 times
Close your eyes, let me heat it up
Cause when we fuck I refuse to bust a nut until I beat it up
Drop the top, time to fuck while the wind blow
Baby throw yo' legs out the window
Remember on the balcony, bend over baby bounce on me
And let me hit it where it counts and flee
Remember me? "I Get Around," and I'm haunted by my "Temptations"
Sexual participation, my motivation
Even though I like the way you work it
You don't deserve it cause you walk around actin' like you perfect
Took a while but I finally got it, and like a boss player
Bitch you ain't doin' me no favors, fair exchange

[Hook: Jazze Pha]
You do me
And if it's worth it baby, I'll return the favor
And give it back to you (give it to you, give it to you)
A fair exchange, on everythang
And Let me tell you that's the way it's gotta be
Open your eyes baby, recognize a player
Give it up to me (give it to me, give it to me)
A fair exchange, you know the game
We can do the damn thang, thang, thang

[Verse 3]
Now yo' attitude ain't realistic
Yeah it's true I'm gettin' pussy, but baby you gettin' dick!
And since you bein' laced with the penetration
It's only right to show a form of appreciation
Instead of fakin' like you can't hear the bed shakin'
In bed naked you so twisted think yo' legs breakin'
You said "take it" so I'm blind in my passion, how long will I last?
Doggy style steady pumpin' on that ass, until I blast
And then I laugh as we lay back
See I wait 'til you asleep and that's the payback
Cause you actin' like you did somethin', givin' me a piece
I had you mufflin' your screams in the sheets, fuckin' with me
A true digger that love triggers, a thug nigga
Hustlin' bitches like drug dealers
Before I say goodbye, put an end to all the games
Here's my number for another fair exchange

[Hook: Jazze Pha]
You do me
And if it's worth it baby, I'll return the favor
And give it back to you (give it to you, give it to you)
A fair exchange, on everythang
And Let me tell you that's the way it's gotta be
Open your eyes baby, recognize a player
Give it up to me (give it to me, give it to me)
A fair exchange, you know the game
We can do the damn
You do me
And if it's worth it baby, I'll return the favor
And give it back to you (give it to you, give it to you)
A fair exchange, on everythang
And Let me tell you that's the way it's gotta be
Open your eyes baby, recognize a player
Give it up to me (give it to me, give it to me)
A fair exchange, you know the game
We can do the damn thang, thang, thang[Hook]
Fair exchange, fair exchange ain't no robbery. (I do you, you do me?)
Fair exchange, fair exchange ain't no robbery. (Everything's legal, baby. Everything's legal)

[Verse 1]
A picture of perfection
The object of a nigga affection
Partners in passionate sex, a place to put my erection
Fantasies of you in submission, freaky positions
Pushin', pullin' and twistin' I’m on a mission, got me on the mash
Tried to dig, you was screamin' when I did
Steady, yellin' out spots for me to hit, and "aw shit"
Soon as I seen her, saw us playin' hide the weiner'
Want a "Freak Like Me", fuck Adina
Up and down is the object, side to side
Make you holler out my name when a thug nigga ride, "Can I cum inside?"
Say you don't feel it, that's a lie
You just scared to get this penitentiary dick, the trot caught your eye
When I walked by, I said "Hi"
But you were so shy, I can't lie, damn-near stuttered when you walked by
You want me to lick it, and even worse
Got your heart set on me going first, and that ain't no fair exchange!

[Hook]
Fair exchange, fair exchange ain't no robbery (hahhaah, yeah nigga)
Fair exchange, fair exchange ain't no robbery (it's all legal nigga)

[Verse 2]
Open your legs
Got me marchin' like it's a million, you tremble from the feelin'
Look up, cause I got mirrors on the ceilin'
And if you willin', then we can ride until the sun shine
And just for fun, I betchu I can make you cum 61 times
Close your eyes, let me heat it up
Cause when we fuck I refuse to bust a nut until I beat it up
Drop the top, time to fuck while the wind blow
Baby throw your legs out the window
Remember on the balcony? Bend over baby, bounce on me
And let me hit it where it counts and flee
Remember me? "I Get Around," and I'm haunted by my "Temptations"
Sexual participation, my motivation
Even though I like the way you work it
You don't deserve it cause you walk around actin' like you're perfect
Took a while but I finally got it, and like a boss player
Bitch you ain't doin' me no favors, fair exchange!

[Hook]
Fair exchange, fair exchange ain't no robbery
Fair exchange, fair exchange ain't no robbery

[Verse 3]
Now your attitude ain't realistic
Yeah it's true, I'm gettin' pussy, but baby you're gettin' dick
And since you're bein' laced with the penetration
It's only right to show a form of appreciation
Instead of [?] like you can't hear the bed shakin'
In bed naked you're so twisted think your legs breakin'
You said take it so I'm blind in my passion, how long will I last
Doggy style steady pumpin' on that ass, until I blast
And then I laugh as we lay back
See I wait until you asleep and that's the payback
Cause you're actin' like you did somethin', givin' me a piece
I had you mufflin' your screams in the sheets, fuckin' with me
A true digger that love triggers, a thug nigga
Hustlin' bitches like drug dealers
Before I say goodbye, put an end to all the games
Here's my number for another fair exchange

[Hook + Ad-libs ( w/ girl )]
Fair exchange, fair exchange, ain't no robbery (ain't no robbery)
(if I do you, and you do me)
Fair exchange, fair exchange ain't no robbery (ain't no robbery)
No robbery (ain't no robbery)
(if I do you, and you do me)
Fair exchange, fair exchange ain't no robbery (ain't no robbery) no robbery (ain't no robbery)
(if I do you, and you do me)
Fair exchange, fair exchange ain't no robbery (ain't no robbery) no rob- (ain't no robbery)
(if I do you, and you do me)
Fair exchange, fair exchange, (it ain't no robbery) ain't no robbery,rob-ain't no rob-bery, yeah!
Fair exchange, fair exchange, ain't no robbery (ain't no robbery) ain't no rob-bery (ain't no robbery)
(if I do you, and you do me)
Fair exchange, fair exchange, ain't no robbery, (it ain't no robbery), ain't no robbery (it ain't no robbery)
(if I do you, and you do me)
Fair exchange, fair exchange, ain't no robbery, (it ain't no robbery), (it ain't no robbery)
(if I do you, and you do me)
Fair exchange, fair exchange, ain't no robbery, (it ain't no robbery), ain't no rob- (it ain't no robbery) robbery!
(if I do you, and you do me)
Fair exchange, fair exchange, ain't no robbery, (it ain't no robbery), (it ain't no robbery) (hey, check this out)
(if I do you, and you do me)
Fair exchange, fair exchange
It ain't no robbery, it ain't no robbery[Intro: little kid]
Tell me about these fake ass bitches

Look here little nigga
Most of these niggas be bitches too
But you'll never hear that side of the story
So uhh, we finna do this shit like this

[Verse 1]
It's like I tell my niggas, keep your eyes on these bitches
They love to G a nigga young dumb and gettin' riches
What the fuck you think a trick is nigga
Nigga done stick and wet his dick
And then get tricked out all his riches by a -- BITCH!
I'm here to school you to the rules of the game, it'll cost ya
Think you all that just 'cause she let a nigga toss her
It's like a motherfuckin' privilege
So don't give up free conversation, give that bitch your 7 digits
When she call ya, ask that little tramp whassup
And if she hesitate nigga hang up, worrrd up
And let that bitch meditate to the dial tone
And call me when you're ready to bone, and it's on
A motherfuckin' mack tonight
Stay back stay strapped cause my raps is tight
You fuckin' punks, I hate you snitches
Went against the grain and the game to be fake ass bitches

[Interlude]
(God, damn! You can't just hit them niggas with that game
And expect them to accept it; girl your heard me it gets scandalous
But we gonna kick this shit like this here)

[Hook]
I can't stand fake ass bitches
Lyin' ass niggas and you punk ass snitches
I can't stand fake ass bitches
Lyin' ass niggas and you punk ass snitches

[Verse 2]
Time to show these bustas who's boss
Run up on a real motherfucker and get tossed
The game is deep, and thicker than a motherfuckin' jimmy
Broke hoes runnin' round yellin' "Gimme!"
I can't stand it, hoes talkin' bout they got a man
Shit all I wanted her to do is suck my DICK
So how about hittin' a motherfucker on my pager
Busy now bitch but you can give me the pussy later
Fly how I fade her, played her like a game of Sega
Fuckin' with the player that done made her, huh
And I ain't sleepin' caught you creepin' for my money
Got the dick and now you get the pistol honey (bitch)
So get the bozack, knockin' hoes back, keep my dough stacked
So where the motherfuckin' hoes at?
Punk niggas can't fade the mack, livin' fat
Gettin' paid to rap, it's like that, you motherfuckin' bitches

[Interlude]
Yeah, yeah that's my motto
She educated a whole bunch of you old raggedy-ass niggas
So y'all take that shit back to y'all camp and uhh
You sleep on that there, it's like

[Hook]
I can't stand fake ass bitches
Lyin' ass niggas and you punk ass snitches
I can't stand fake ass bitches
Lyin' ass niggas and you punk ass snitches
I can't stand fake ass bitches
Lyin' ass niggas and you punk ass snitches
I can't stand fake ass bitches
Lyin' ass niggas and you punk ass snitches

[Outro]
Oh you too nigga, don't think we ain't talkin' bout your punk ass
You old fake ass nigga
Standin' there wearin' all them Pendletons and khakis and all that
You soft as a motherfuckin' grape
Ain't this a motherfuckin' bitch
I can see right through your flower ass
Some of these niggas is bitches too, man I tell ya
It's gonna be harder and harder to be a Thug in ninety-fo' (I can't stand fake ass bitches)
But we gonna do this shit
Y'all take this shit and you play this shit for every single
Fake ass bitch out there (I can't stand fake ass bitches)
And there's plenty of 'em
You probably got one sittin' next to you right now (I can't stand fake ass bitches)
Bobbin' his fake ass head to this, dope ass shit that he listenin' to (I can't stand fake ass bitches)
Fake ass motherfuckin' bitch, die in ninety-four[Intro: little kid]
Tell me about these fake ass bitches

Break em off somethin'

[Verse 1]
It's like I tell my niggas, keep your eyes on these bitches
They love to G a nigga young dumb and gettin' riches
What the fuck you think a trick is nigga
Nigga thinking with his dick
And then get tricked out all his riches by a -- BITCH!
I'm here to school you to the rules of the game, it'll cost ya
Think you all of that just cause she let a nigga toss her
It's like a motherfuckin' privilege
So don't give up your conversation, give that bitch your 7 digits
When she call ya, ask that tramp whassup
And if she hesitate, nigga hang up, worrrd up
And let that bitch meditate to the dial tone
And call me when you're ready to bone, and it's on
A motherfuckin' mack tonight
Stay that stay strapped cause my raps is tight
You fuckin' punks, I hate you snitches
Went against the grain and the game to be fake ass bitches

[Interlude]
Punk motherfuckin' ass
Fuck that punk ass nigga he ain't about shiiit
Trick ass motherfucker
(bitch bitch)
Kiss my motherfuckin' ass
You ain't about sheiiiiiiiit!

[Hook]
I can't stand fake ass bitches
Lyin' ass niggas and you punk ass snitches
Break 'em off somethin'
I can't stand fake ass bitches
Lyin' ass niggas and you punk ass snitches
Break 'em off somethin'

[Verse 2]
Time to show these bustas who's boss
Run up on a real motherfucker and get tossed
The game is deep, and thicker than a motherfuckin' jimmy
Broke hoes runnin' round yellin' "Gimme!"
I can't stand it, hoes talkin' bout they got a man
Shit all I wanted her to do is suck my DICK
So how about hittin' a motherfucker on my pager
Busy now bitch but you can give me the pussy later
Fly how I fade her, played her like a game of Sega
Fuckin' with the player that done made her, huh
And I ain't sleepin' caught you creepin' for my money
Got the dick and now you get the pistol honey (bitch)
She get the bozack, knockin' hoes back, keep my dough stacked
So where the motherfuckin' hoes at?
Punk niggas can't fade the mack, livin' fat
Gettin' paid to rap, it's like that, you motherfuckin' bitches

[Interlude]
Fuck that nigga he ain't about shit
[?]
Do the shit, fuck em all

[Hook+Outro]
Break em off somethin'
I can't stand fake ass bitches
Lyin' ass niggas and you punk ass snitches
Break 'em off somethin'
I can't stand fake ass bitches
Lyin' ass niggas and you punk ass snitches
Break 'em off somethin'
I can't stand fake ass bitches
Lyin' ass niggas and you punk ass snitches
Break 'em off somethin'
I can't stand fake ass bitches
Lyin' ass niggas and you punk ass snitches
Break 'em off somethin'
I can't stand fake ass bitches
Lyin' ass niggas and you punk ass snitches
Break 'em off somethin'
I can't stand fake ass bitches
Lyin' ass niggas and you punk ass snitches
Break 'em off somethin'
I can't stand fake ass bitches
Lyin' ass niggas and you punk ass snitches
Break 'em off somethin'
I can't stand fake ass bitches
Lyin' ass niggas and you punk ass snitches
Break 'em off somethin'
I can't stand fake ass bitches
Lyin' ass niggas and you punk ass snitches
Break 'em off somethin'
I can't stand fake ass bitches
Lyin' ass niggas and you punk ass snitches
Break 'em off somethin'
I can't stand fake ass bitches (hey yo Serg let's get the fuck up out of here)
Lyin' ass niggas and you punk ass snitches
Break 'em off somethin'
I can't stand fake ass bitches (yo Rai yo Malcolm..)
Lyin' ass niggas and you punk ass snitches
Break 'em off somethin'* Poems written by Shakur as ~ interpreted by other artists

[Intro: Talib Kweli]
Turn me up, turn me up, turn me up, what
Turn me up, turn me up, turn me up, what (yeah)
Turn me up, turn me up, turn me up, what (yeah, what, yeah, uh)

[Verse 1: Talib Kweli]
Pack your cannons we outlandishly brandish the weapons
Meet Jamaican like you god {U-god?} and 'em handing you lessons
We learn a lot from the 60's like glaring 13 necks
Mainly the niggas get shot for flaring out their larynx
And get to speakin' on a conditions of black people
That's illegal they enforce it with the force that's lethal
Make you wanna grab a gun and throw the all black gear on
Head to congress exercising your constitutional right to bear arms
Leather jackets and glasses and you can tell it's us
The FBI probably bust a nut if we self destruct
Call it militant but ain't nobody killing Barry {Goldwater}
You can't be militant if you ain't got no military
But it's still a very powerful word
Picture some niggas with guns, got 'em very disturbed, word
Now-a-days you could get shot for a cheap necklace
Back then my people bust shots for the free breakfast

[Hook]
Now before you see God, or stand before Allah
You could learn from the stars that fall outta the sky
Everybody act hard, like they got no regard
So we mourn falling stars, they still living all hard
(We still here, word)

[Verse 2: Talib Kweli]
This is for Medgar Evers, Martin, and my brother Malcom
Sometimes we be sittin and wishing for another outcome
My head be spinning, it be full of why's and the how come's
The value of life is so cheap if your skin ain't talcum
We need leaders, we looking at entertainers
It's about the cash, so we respect the biggest gainers
Niggas get paid then they run away from the community
That ain't gangsta nigga, you the opposite of Huey P
Don't be confusing me with haters, player
Get your paper, just show respect to the folks who made you (yeah)
Blessed by the creator so give money nigga
Just don't bring a plate of food around a hungry nigga
Out on these streets the police is killing
I'm spilling out my heart on these beats so I can feed my children (yeah)
Disrespect and I'm a give you a bar to save your life
Because we don't need no more fallen stars

[Hook]
Now before you see God, or stand before Allah
You could learn from the stars that fall outta the sky
Everybody act hard, like they got no regard
So we mourn falling stars, they still living all hard (We still here)

[Verse 3: Talib Kweli]
Stalk the stage with the pride of the panther
Hands off Asada and the blood of a dance floor
Word, rock on, throw the 2Pac on
He's not gone, you hear his influence in pop songs
Shine brighter than those Vegas lights
Illuminating that Vegas night to the party after the fight
'til the gunshots disturb the peace like Luda
Too bad he ain't a white chick in Aruba
They'd have a whole department dedicated to finding the killer
You'd see Afeni Shakur on Larry King, and motherfucking Dennis Miller
Word, Bill O'Reilly would be flapping his gums
How much respect do they have for my people?
Actually none
You either do the nigga packing a gun who hate niggas
Even though every time he pass a mirror he staring at one
My man stressed cause of lack of funds
This the type of shit that make you wanna drown your liver
And blacken your lungs

[Hook]
Now before you see God, or stand before Allah
You could learn from the stars that fall outta the sky
Everybody act hard, like they got no regard
So we mourn falling stars, they still living all hard (We still here)
Now before you see God, or stand before Allah
You could learn from the stars that fall outta the sky
Everybody act hard, like they got no regard
So we mourn falling stars, they still living all hard (We still here)

[Outro]
Now of course this was inspired by 2Pac Shakur
Eazy-E, still here (still here)
My man Justo (still here)
Big L (still here)
Big Pun (still here)
I'm from Brooklyn, you know what I'm saying
Brooklyn know a lot about tragedy
We lost our Big Poppa and our baby girl
That was our whole world, yo (still here)
This is for our fallen stars
Inspired by the poets, revolutionaries, and activists
From the generation before us
Come and do our thing on this microphone
When else in the history of this country
Can a black man get on the microphone
And say whatever the hell he wanna say?
It's a lot of responsibility
But we standing on the shoulders of our ancestors
So I bear that burden, throw it on my backThey could never understand
what u set out 2 do
instead they chose 2
ridicule u
when u got weak
They loved the sight
of your dimming
and flickering starlight
How could they understand what was so intricate
2 be loved by so many, so intimate
they wanted 2 c your lifeless corpse
This way u could not alter the course
of ignorance that they have set
2 make my people forget
what they have done for much 2 long
2 just forget and carry on
I had loved u forever because of who u R
And now I mourn our fallen star[Intro: 2Pac]
And my niggas say
We want the fame!
Come on! Come on!

[Chorus: 2Pac]
One thing we all adore
Something worth dyin' for
Nothin' but pain, stuck in this game
Searchin' for fortune and fame
The one thing we all adore
Something worth dyin' for
It's been nothin' but pain, stuck in this game
Searchin' for fortune and fame

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Though we exist to breed, some believe currency comes to G's
Stress is half the battle, with success comes greed
They got me hot when they shot me, plotted my revenge
To increase my ends, enemies gettin' dropped
Win or lose, red or blue, we must all stay true
Play the game, nigga, never let the game play you
And for the fame, niggas change fast, that's a shame
What's to gain, lost souls? Who controls our brain?
Who can I blame? The world seems strange at times
Somewhat insane, I'm hopin' we can change with time
I'm livin' blinded, searchin' for refinement curse
I know, death follows me, but I'll murder him first
And worse yet, with each breathe, steps I take, breathless
Is there a cure for a hustler with a death wish?
Cigar ashes, toast with crystal, glasses
We mash on them jealous bastards, with my ski mask
I'm the first one to want him blasted
Wrapped in plastic, bullshittin' got his ass hit
Ain't nothing left now, treated like a stepchild was not for me
Nothing but busters and bitches be rockin' beats, fake in fame

[Verse 2: Yaki Kadafi]
Block run and shoot slugs
We throw them back like hardballs
Without the gloves, no love for these fake desperadoes
And thugs I bleed to envy
Smoke and blow out they blunts, sippin' Henny
Drunk nights, and hot days
Cockin' my heat, shootin' it sideways
A life on the run, full of common blunts
Unconditionally married to my gun
Fulfillin' my destiny on knees and one's desires
Be pullin' all my cabbage like priors, stuck in the trance
Searchin' for something higher, the fortune and fame

[Chorus: 2Pac]
One thing we all adore
Something worth dyin' for
Nothin' but pain, stuck in this game
Searchin' for fortune and fame
Something we all adore
Something worth dyin' for
It's been nothin' but pain, stuck in this game
Searchin' for fortune and fame

[Verse 3: Young Noble]
Searchin' for fortune and fame, lost in the rain
A lost of the game, with life is the cost of the game
We forcin' the change, motherfuck flossin' a chain
All the blame belongs to the part of the brain
That we never use, nigga, plus my heart is in pain
And if I ever lose, homie, bet I'm at it again
Outlaws don't die, so united we stand
And if family come before, all the fortune and fame

[Verse 4: Napoleon]
As I walk up in the crib, laid to rest my head
Say salaam to the angels, hope they bless my bed
Hope they bless me the righteous way
Got a homie locked down outta town, I sent him a kite today
Man, that hate in your heart you gotta cleanse it, dawg
Prayin' for my downfall, and I can sense it, dawg
I was passed down the street fame
Like Glocks clocked and keep aim
Was raised up with a clock box
And I ran with the local street gang
They say the light is faded but still shine in the dark
You can easy been a man, but you's a boy in your heart
And that's some game that I got from generation of game
In the road of life, dog
We need to switch up lanes – think about it!

[Hook: 2Pac]
One thing we all adore
Something worth dyin' for
Nothin' but pain
Stuck in this game
Searchin' for fortune and fame
One thing we all adore
Something worth dyin' for
Been nothin' but pain
Stuck in this game
Searchin' for fortune and fame

[Verse 5: Kastro]

I can't complain, I've seen my fair share of the fame
It won't change me, now I've got this piece of change
I feel strange, I got so used to the hood
That when I finally got out at first it ain't feel good
I was just a baby, still retarded from slavery
When we struggle to shovel shit ain't nobody saved me
Ghetto ain't made me, I made myself
Poverty raised me, thinking ain't no help
I pray for my health, my mind, and my family too
State of myself, my grind, and my family crew
Where one hand washes the other
No, we ain't blood, but we still real brothers
The struggle is real, nothin' can steal what we build
And that remains the same 'til the day that we killed
And that's real, life that I was aimed to be
Love by my family tree, that's fame to me – how about it?

[Hook: 2Pac]
One thing we all adore
Something worth dyin' for
Nothin' but pain
Stuck in this game
Searchin' for fortune and fame
One thing we all adore
Something worth dyin' for
Nothin' but pain
Stuck in this game
Searchin' for fortune and fameBecause we all spring from different trees
Does not mean we are not created equally
Is the true beauty in the tree
Or in the vast forest in which it breathes?

I find greatness in the tree, that grows against all odds
It blossoms in darkness, and gives birth to promising pods
I was that tree that grew from the weeds and wasn't meant to be
Ashamed I'm not, in fact I am proud, of my thriving - family - tree

[Singing]
The rose that grew from concrete, yeah
The tree that wasn't meant to be
Though I.. struggle in my life, I never give up
And you.. know that I, will always be by your side
My family tree.. yeah a family tree
Yeah, my family tree.. my fam-i-ly tree

I find, greatness in the tree that grows against all odds
It blossoms in.. darkness, and gives birth to a promising pod
You'll never see me give up

I will press on.. never hold my head alone
Never no.. my family tree.. my family tree yeahhh
My family treeeee.. family treeeee..

[Speaking]
Because we all spring from different trees
Does not mean we are not created equally
Is the true beauty in the tree
Or in the vast forest in which it breathes?

The tree must fight to breathe
Among the evils of the weeds

I find greatness in the tree, that grows against all odds
Ashamed I'm not, in fact I am proud, of my thriving - family - tree[Intro: 2Pac]
Yo Ryan man (yo what's up cuz)
I just sorted block girls (what's up)
I'm tryna talk to her but, we ain't even explain what happened (straight up man)
It was funk, she was fine (she was fine) (she was takin' over dude, what you think)
She was fine some of us scream for magazine (just shit up)
(I wanna know what's up with that)
Check this out man (what's up)

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Trapped like a prisoner, fantasize of kissin' her
Treat you like a queen but other guys is dissin' ya
Thinkin' of ya nightly thigh so hold you tightly
Visualizin' figure, damn that excites me
I wonder if you know how much I think of you
If I can throw you water, then I sink in you
It's for eternity, this feelings are burnin' me
It's like a fire, this desire yearns to be pullin' me
Closer, until your chest is close to mine
Feelin' you heart beat, our arms are intertwined
Wantin' to kiss you, the passion raisin'
But don't wanna rush you, so I'm still waitin'
What if we were lovers, what a night that be
Cause we be raidin' undercover like the savage beast
Close my eyes and visualize, it's you I feel
Then wake up and realize, it was not real
It was just my heart, playin' tricks on me
Its tryna to make my fantasy a reality
Cause just thinkin' about ya baby, makes you want ya more
These feelings make me crazy but I can't ignore
What you mean to me, you're a dream to me
No matter how realistic it seems to be
Gotta get a grip on myself, because I'm dissin' myself
I wake up, I realize that I be kissin' myself
I just have to find this girl in my fantasy
And hope that someone in this world is who meant for me
But if I find her, will I have the nerve to speak?
Or will me ego overrob makin' my heart to greed?
I gotta do it, I gotta tell her how I feel
It's the only chance to make my fantasy turn real
Now my heart beats fast, I sweat feat on my thumb
Gotta get myself together cause here she come
I said: hi, she was fly, get lost in her eyes
Tried to speak another word but my tongue was tied
Damn, I can't explain it, the state I'm in
Every time I try to speak, I stutter again
Feel like I'm ready to cry, embarrassed outof  my mind
She smiles and gives me her number and says call her sometime
But she walks away, almost as quick as she came
And it hit me, I never even knew her name
So when I turned around, I felt my heart broke
She was gone, so was the number she wrote

[Hook: Ryan D]
It was a fantasy
Nothin' but a fantasy
I fell in love with a fantasy

[Interlude: Ryan D]
Straight man (word man I feel you)
Oh cuh (well do it your way man)
But check this out man I just coming from the crib man, oh man
She's [?] I can't believe this man (what's up what)
Let me tell you [?] is sayin'
(break it down to be do, what's up)
Check this out

[Verse 2: Ryan D.]
I woke up this Thursday mornin' in a terriful mood
Went straight to the kitchen cause I needed some food
Step inside, the kitchen door had tell me what I would see
A giant stackin' dirty dishes are waitin' for me
I didn't really wanna do it so I accepted the facts
Spill out all my funky tequila swisher and my feline hat
Sat in my yard, then I noticed it was nice outside
Tell my [partner, "Hmm, I think I'll go for a ride"
Rollin' down the avenue chillin' my way
With the incredible sound (of who?) Marvin Gaye
I see my homie on the corner, "What's up, Terry T?"
"Yo check this out," is what he said to me
Told me that he knew a lady that I needed to meet
Super fine like wine and she couldn't be beat
I said, "Okay," he said: "Come on in," then we went to her house
But when she opened the door, I couldn't open my mouth
I mean damn there she was, right in front of my face
And here I am cold fuzzin' like I'm in disgrace
She had a beautiful smile, eyes greener than grass
And god damn, homeboy you shoulda see that well
I don't wanna get explicit, but you know what I mean
The type of girl that don't recover of a magazine
She said her name is Limay, I didn't know what to say
Except my name is Ryan D. and it's beautiful day
We went outside and had a drink, conversated a bit
Terry said we had to leave, but then she told me to sit
She said: "Terry, you can go, but Ryan's stayin' awhile"
When she said this to my homie I just started to smile
She says she wanted to talk, so she can know me some more
I said, "Cool"
Terry left and then she locked door
Now I'm a cool type of fellow, really mellow with her
And when she came and step beside me I had sweat in my palms
I mean she was so fine, I can't explain to my brothers
Finer than the dilla Ice T's album cover
I said, "Well, here we are. What we can do now?"
She looked me deep in my eyes and broke it all down
She said, "Ryan D., as hard as this may seem, I wanna make love to you, you're the man of my dreams"
She said she saw me before, and then she knew that day
She had to get me, had to have me somehow, some way
I said, "Baby, don't you worry, cause I think I'm in love. You're the angel of my life, sent from heaven above"
Without a moment's hesitation, we were deep in the groove
Bodies tight and touched together as we started to move
Only with persistent movements, I removed her clothes
She was heavy as the kiss she began to moan
First she start, twist me back I really don't know how
She put her arms around my neck and said, "I want you now"
She was already hot, I had began to sweat
I knew that this would be a moment I would never forget
She told me lay on my back so she can get on the top
She said, "Make it last, please, and just don't stop"
I had my eyes closed now that she felt so soft
But when I open my eyes, my alarm went off
I got up, rubbed my eyes
"What's goin' on?" I said
It was then I realized that I was home in my bed
I said, "Damn," to myself, as hard as it may seem
Imagination had to go but it was only a dream

[Hook: 2Pac & Ryan D.]
It was a fantasy
Nothin' but a fantasy
I fell in love with a fantasy

[Outro/Interlude: 2Pac & Ryan D.]
Damn, man. That's hard, man
Man, it was bugged out
Ain't that weird, though? We both felt like that?
Man, it was sort of a trip, man
I can never tell a homeboy this, man. Yo, keep this between me and you, man. Nobody ever gonna believe nothin' like this. Alright man, I'm straight goin' to school man
Just remember that shit, man
Word
I don't know what to tell you, man
Yo, see you later on, dude
Alright. Know what it was, though?
Peace man. Yo, what?

[Hook: 2Pac & Ryan D.]
It was a fantasy
Nothin' but a fantasy
We fell in love with a fantasy
We fell in love with a fantasy
We fell in love with a fantasy[Intro]
Look, Look

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
My niggas crooked though it seems
My every single thought is caught up in collecting cream
A made nigga; picture me dying in a blaze of gun fire
Will not retire til I'm paid, turn the base up higher
When we ride, we fly by, bitches blow me kisses
Niggas from Compton to Brooklyn come on get your riches
From Crenshaw to 125, and Do or Die
Rolling with niggas from Long Beach to Long Isl'
I hardly smile cause my heart froze
Once I; commence my show rip apart foes
And now I, got One Nation it's a crooked compilation
Just to end the bullshit, let's get back to money making
Tell them busters that I rolled on controlling the house
My shit is so wicked when I flip, niggas closing their mouth
The Cocoa Brodaz, Buckshot the BDI Thug
Greg Nice, L.S., Asu, so show a nigga love, Outlaw!

[Chorus]
Lifes a bitch and then you die, that's why we get high cause you never know when you gonna go
Lifes a bitch and then you die, that's why we puff life cause you never know when you gonna go
Lifes a bitch and then you die, that's why we get high cause you never know when you gonna go
Lifes a bitch and then you die, that's why we puff life

[Verse 2: Ice Cube]
It's the Don Daddy with the Villain, who you killing
Oh we hate them, come verbatim with this cap peeling
Top billin, make a million
Paparazzi, chase us through the tunnel in the Maserati
On parole for robbery
Ain't no coppin a plea, ain't no stoppin a G
I'm in the 6 you got to hop in the 3, company monopoly
You handle shit sloppily I drop a ki properly
They call me the Don Dada
Pop a collar, drop a dollar if you hear me you can holla
Even rottweilers, follow, the Impala
Wanna talk about this concrete? nigga I'm a scholar
The incredible, hetero-sexual, credible
Beg a hoe, let it go, dick ain't edible
Nigga ain't federal, I plan shit
While you hand picked motherfuckers givin up transcripts

[Chorus]
Lifes a bitch and then you die, that's why we get high cause you never know when you gonna go
Lifes a bitch and then you die, that's why we puff life cause you never know when you gonna go
Lifes a bitch and then you die, that's why we get high cause you never know when you gonna go
Lifes a bitch and then you die, that's why we puff life

[Verse 3: 2Pac]
You can't break me, never make me busta soft the beats
This Outlaw style got a brother off the streets
Miss Delores Tucker sue me I won't stop
'Til we get justice for these crooked cops on my block
Time Warner full of sissies, tell 'em all to miss me
A bunch of hypocrites whistlin' Dixie
Good riddance cause you never should of touched me
You cowards knew you couldn't take the pressure
I'ma make you sorry, Trust me
Did I cry when they dropped me? (nah), can they stop me? (won't)
Tryna sell 4 million copies (done)
If I wasn't spittin' it'd be prison or death
This rap game all we got left
So try to comprehend where we comin' from
Life as an Outlaw, ain't meant for everyone
So here we come
Recognize how we organize
Strategize now we unified brothers on the rise
And we can't stop

[Outro]
Lifes a bitch and then you die, that's why we get high cause you never know when you gonna go
Lifes a bitch and then you die, that's why we puff life cause you never know when you gonna go
Lifes a bitch and then you die, that's why we get high cause you never know when you gonna go
Lifes a bitch and then you die, that's why we puff life[INTRO]
{Omar Epps - Q}
You're crazy man!
{2Pac - Bishop}
You know what? When you said that last time
I was kinda trippin' right, but now
You're right, I am crazy
But you know what else? I don't give a fuck

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Check it out
Is it, money or women to funny beginnings, tragic endings
I can make a million and STILL not get enough of spending
And since my life is based on sinnin', I'm hell bound
Rather be buried than be worried, livin' held down
My game plan to be trained heavy, military
Mind of a Thug Lord, sittin' in the cemetery
Cryin', I've been lost since my adolescence, callin' to Jesus
Ballin' as a youngster, wonderin' if he sees us
Young black males, crack sales got me three strikes
Livin' in jail, this is hell, enemies die
Wonder when we all pass is anybody listenin'?
Got my, hands on my semi shotty, everybody's snitchin'
Please God can you understand me, bless my family
Guide us all, before we fall into insanity
I make it a point, to make my beat bumpin' warlike
Drop some shit, to have these stupid bitches jaws tight

[Hook]
Go, niggas wanna get it on, let's fight!
I got some niggas in my click that make they motherfucking jaws tight now
Go, niggas wanna get it on, let's fight!
I got some niggas in my click that make they motherfucking jaws tight
Go, niggas wanna get it on, let's fight!
I got some niggas in my click that make they motherfucking jaws tight now
Go, niggas wanna get it on, let's fight
I got some niggas in my click that make they motherfucking jaws tight

[Bridge]
{Scratches}
The Evil Genius
Throw them dubs up

{2Pac - Bishop}
You gotta snatch some collars and let them motherfuckers know you there to take them out

{Xzibit}
Mr. X to the you know me (Yeah, C'mon!)

[Verse 2: Xzibit]
The love's been lost, the gloves is off, so figure
What side you tryin' be on, the barrel or the trigger?
A gang of niggas talkin' the talk, but ain't walkin' the straight line
They tryin' to hide behind the one time
Fuck being scary and constantly with security
I ain't afraid of whatever you faggots try to do to me
Shoot at me, try to corner me, orderlies try to get at me
Flip it like fake identities, stickin' it to my enemies (Enemies!)
And have you runnin' for your motherfuckin' lives
Till they put me in a courtroom fightin' for mines
The only reason I got foes that used to be friends
When niggas mumble under they breath, I'm under their skin, so then
I pray for the strength to handle what my city bring
Better stand for something, or your bound to fall for anything
The pitfalls, the potholes, I spit flows that generate straight crack sales, we got those
One hitter quitter split a nigga like a embryo
Bring it to your crib, to your kids, to your video shoot
Give me the loot, my dues all paid up
The half-assed gettin' rat packed and sprayed up
You say what? Speak up punk, I can't hear you
You're transparent, Reynold's wrap, I'm seein' clear through
Pray for my downfall, talk like hoes
Mister rack rack the gauge and kick in the do'
And motherfuckers tryna say I couldn't rap no mo'
Like one monkey gon' stop the show
Lets go!


Dirty Harry[Verse 1: 2Pac]
I be a hustler til it's over, motherfucker
The motherfuckin' dust kicker, who can you trust?
Do you have the heart to see a nigga, before you bust?
My name is spoken on the tongues of so many foes
Bustin' motherfuckers out the box, I ain't even go!
Now how the hell do you explain, my claim to fame?
From doin' flicks to bustin' tricks out the fuckin' frame
Got these bitches on my jock, niggas on my block
Jealous ass suckers got 'em duckin' from my smokin' Glock
And bustin' niggas asses to stay alive
Skinny ass player watchin' bigger motherfuckers fry
They ask me how I’m livin? Haaah I’m a hustler
Buckin' busters 'til they die

[Prodigy]
Lord Forgive me
The Hennessy got me not knowin' how to act
I'm fallin' and I can't turn back
Until my death
You walkin' with your head down, scared to look
God bless my soul

[Hook]
They got me runnin' from the police, nowhere to go
With the lights out, rollin' down a dirt road
But I ain't goin' alive, I'd rather die than be a convict
I'd rather fire on my target
They got me runnin' from the police, nowhere to go
With the lights out, rollin' down a dirt road
But I ain't goin' alive, I'd rather die than be a convict
I'd rather fire on my target, oh shit!

[Prodigy]
We got the illest combination of this right here man
Ha-ha, uh man, y'all runnin' out of steam already?
That's all y'all got man?
That's all y'all got man?!

[Verse 2: Prodigy]
It go one, two, three to the fourth
That nigga P-Double got that shit for y'alls
Peoples to rock to, stirrin' up pots of brew
In hell's kitchen, I chef the impossible
To serve hot plates all across the Unified States
Sit down and sup with the top rap reps
We the streets that's watchin', boy, move diligent
You better walk like a nigga on a tightrope do
Infamous
Might catch me in a burgundy chair, my shirt blockin'
Fresh with my bandanna and Timbs, we outta there
Pushin' to the limit like Montana did
Army bags full of money, bullet proof this
And that too, put some in the roof
Niggas be shootin' from windows, we untouchable
Yea we is rich thugs, that shoot up clubs
Make albums that click more than little drugs

[Hook]
They got me runnin' from the police, nowhere to go
With the lights out, rollin' down a dirt road
But I ain't goin' alive, I'd rather die than be a convict
I'd rather fire on my target
They got me runnin' from the police, nowhere to go
With the lights out, rollin' down a dirt road
But I ain't goin' alive, I'd rather die than be a convict
I'd rather fire on my target, oh shit!

[Verse 3: 2Pac]
Niggas know I ain't the one to sleep on, I'm under pressure
Gotta sleep with my piece, an extra clip beside my dresser
Word to God I've been ready to die since I was born
I don't want no shit but niggas trip and, yo, it's on
Open fire on my adversaries, don't even worry
Better have on a vest aim for the chest and then you buried
It's a man's world, niggas get played, another stray
Hope I live to see another day, hey!
I'm gettin' sweated by these undercovers
Who can I trust, got my mama stressin', thinkin' it's a drug bust
Gotta get paid but all the drama that's attached
We livin' a drug life, THUG LIFE, each day could be my last
Will I blast when it's time to shoot? Don't even ask
That's the consequences when ya livin' fast
Don't turn around I ain't givin' up, cause they don't worry me
Pussy ass bitches better bury me, bury me!

[Hook]
They got me runnin' from the police, nowhere to go
With the lights out, rollin' down a dirt road
But I ain't goin' alive, I'd rather die than be a convict
I'd rather fire on my target
They got me runnin' from the police, nowhere to go
With the lights out, rollin' down a dirt road
But I ain't goin' alive, I'd rather die than be a convict
I'd rather fire on my target, oh shit! (x2)[Chorus]
Flex, flex flex
Flex, flex flex

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Slippin' through my shit wonderin' what hits it get
Even before the flicks I was always hit to flip the script
Let's play a game, call catch a bitch, how you play?
Well diss me nigga and catch a fist, you playin'?
Ooo, I know you didn't expect a nigga to catch wreck
I'm comin' from the west, they all slept (Flex)
'Cause it's been a long day
And I get with Johnny Q when niggas rub me the wrong way
Twenty four tracks is fat and all that
Pack smack, jaw crack, after that, can I get my balls back?
Nigga don't front, just pass the blunt
I freak the funk for the trunks, pop the pump on the chumps
I make ya jump
Dum diddy dump, love to thump
Leavin' niggas with Plumps, smokin' blunts and skunks
So here it comes, let's have a gun
Or get done by the worst of our trumps for fun
Pump pump!

[Chorus]
Flex, flex, flex flex
Flex, flex flex
Flex, flex flex
Flex, flex flex

[Verse 2: Kastro]
OH! duck, prepare to throw nigga, get that ass dropped
Give us mad props and get packed I'm mad hot
So get that 'caine step to the wrong fuckin' man
The crew too, fifty niggas in the wrong clan
You fuckin' bitch you better take you snitch ass home
[?] is up feel his chrome on your damn dome
Boom boom boom niggas better duck or get bucked
Fuck stuck in the damn gut
I tryna tell ya but niggas ain't feel me
The fuck with dollar wouldn't that, never hail g
Born for boner, raise up in the stack
Schoolin', I'm ready to feel pain bet you ass
Will be fillin on the
Foul type, then you say hi when I pass by
A nigga tryna act fly god bless the nice try
Straight serve, what a herb, kicked to the curb
Slammin' dust, he got some motherfuckin' nerve
So back fuckin' and get jacked , dont test
So get wrecked and it will be a mess
If they wanna be a

[Chorus]
Flex, flex, flex flex
Flex, flex flex
Flex, flex flex
Flex, flex flex

[Verse 3: E.D.I. Mean]
Hey yo, nothin' gets buck quick
When he fuck with, and Thoro Headz stuck
Bet you can't budge with the rough niggas
See, it's fifty niggas with me, is hundred head raw
Not to mention a countless, I'm not ya ammo
So why would you wanna play a test
You can't fade the best, since you get laid to rest
Yeah, still wreck, you testin' your mic full of check tack it
Rep with
Niggas wanna flex it
They call me Big Mac, you put the fuckin bitch
And I'm outie
Five dodge and you will never doubt me
I'm gettin' flammy on this 2Pac jammy
Yo, sittin' and pissin' on a bitch ass panty
Yeah, like it's magic we comin' on that ass massive
Better tap in or get your ass kicked
And if you plannin' on rushin', better stomp fast
'Cause in the flat, I snatch a badge out you mark ass
Ayo, spark, split fifty niggas
They should give us motherfucker some of that real shit
Ill shit they keep holes on the deals nigga
Attackin' niggas like shit list with quick hits
So fuck a rhyme if ya feel what I want for tacs
Watch ya back, nigga, 'cause we ain't quitter

[Outro: 2Pac]
Thoro Headz motherfucker
Big Malcolm, motherfucker indo boy
Strictly representin' for the motherfuckin' fuigitive [?]
Them niggas can't be fucked with
So when I keel over and die they gon take the shit
All you weak motherfuckers get the motherfuckin' [?]
'Cause my niggas ain't afraid of flexin' you feel me
Young Niggas, Young NiggasU say that u'll love me forever but what about today
As the dusks become dawns and the years pass on will u love me the same way
If so let us rejoice and bathe in constant pleasure
If not spare my heart today and I shall recover before forever
And if my doubts and ?'s upset u, forgive my fragile heart
I just wanted 2 know if you'd love me forever
Before Today would START!This poem is addressed 2 Mrs. Hawkins
who lost her son 2 a racist society
I'm not out 2 offend the positive souls
only the racist dogs who lied 2 me
An American culture plagued with nights
like the night Yusef was killed
if it were reversed it would be the work
of a savage but this white killer was just strong-willed
But Mrs. Hawkins as sure as I'm a Panther
with the blood of Malcolm in my veins
America will never rest
if Yusef dies in vain![Intro: 2Pac]
And my niggas say, we want the fame!
C'mon

[Hook: 2Pac & Kokane]
One thing we all adore
Something worth dying for
Nothing but pain, stuck in this game
Searching for fortune and fame
One thing we all adore
Something worth dying for
Nothing but pain, stuck in this game
Searching for fortune and fame

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Though we exist to breed, some believe currency comes to G's
Stress is half the battle, with success comes greed
They got me hot when they shot me, plotted my revenge
To increase my ends, enemies gettin' dropped
Win or lose, red or blue, we must all stay true
Play the game, nigga, never let the game play you
And for the fame, niggas change fast, that's a shame
What's to gain, lost souls? Who controls our brain?
Who can I blame? The world seems strange at times
Somewhat insane, I'm hopin' we can change with time
I'm livin' blinded, searchin' for refinement curse
I know, death follows me, but I'll murder him first
And worse yet, with each breathe, steps I take, breathless
Is there a cure for a hustler with a death wish?
Cigar ashes, toast with crystal, glasses
We mash on them jealous bastards, with my ski mask
I'm the first one to want him blasted
Wrapped in plastic, bullshittin' got his ass hit (Outlawz)
Ain't nothing left now, treated like a stepchild was not for me
Nothing but busters and bitches be rockin' beats, fake in fame
(Fuck 'em all)

[Hook: 2Pac & Kokane]
Something thing we all adore
Something worth dying for
Nothing but pain, stuck in this game
Searching for fortune and fame
Something thing we all adore
Something we dying for
Nothing but pain, stuck in this game
Searching for fortune and fame

[Bridge: Kokane]
[?]

[Collision: 2Pac]
Double up nigga double up
It’s my cell nigga, it's my cell
Hahahah yeah
Oh yeah you got that chicken, nigga?
Eh do, how that shit hook up, though how that shit hook up?
Can I get some?

[Verse 2: Kokane]
I love that ghetto shit (that ghetto shit)
I love that 2Pac shit (that Pac shit)
I'm that nigga out yo' window eating chicken out yo' caddy shit (shittt)
We write this song to make you kill motherfuckers (fuckers)
Smash motherfuckers (fuckers)
Just to see ya cluck clucka (clucka)
I'm not just a rapper I'm a dope dealer (dope man!)
And I Ignorant motherfucker spray cap peeler (cap peela)
It's like bass (bass!) How low can you go? (go, go, go)
I'll have to move my yay across San Di-ya-yo (ya-yo baby)
Westcoast, tax free, money is a bitch (beotch)
These out of state niggas get mad 'cause we rich (hahaha, richhh)
Pick up a super chicken bac-ca (bac-ca, bac-ca)
He said selling 28 and a hundred
By mail...

[Verse 3: E.D.I.]
For the fame (fame) The notoriety
To be well-known (well-known) in this society
To have everybody eyeing me
'Cause when I rise up my block mane, my cost is to floss
I'm making up for all the times, that I floss to be lost (floss to be lost)
I scream, (scream) 'til I was lost forever, nobody came (fame)
So on this day forth, I'ma die for the fortune and fame (fame)
Been on my name (fame) where were all these years that I walk this earth
Went for all mine (we search for fame) especially been cautious since birth
Remain the same, since the day I came (fame), will never change
Even though I live my life hellishly (fame) for all this fame (fame)

[Verse 4: Kadafi]
Block fronters shoot slugs we throw 'em back like hardballs
Without the gloves
No love for these fake desperadoes and thugs (hahaha)
I bleed to envy
Smoke and blow out they blunts sipping Henny
Drunk nights And high days
Cocking my heat shooting it sideways
A life on the run (ey look out, look out)
Full of common blunts unconditionally married to my gun
Fulfillin' my destiny for needs and ones desires
Be pulling all my cabbage like pliers
Stuck in the trance searching for something higher
Than fortune and fame
Hahaha

[Hook: 2Pac & Kokane]
Something we all adore
Something we dying for
Nothing but pain, stuck in this game
Searching for fortune and fame
Something we all adore
Something we dying for
Nothing but pain, stuck in this game
Searching for fortune and fame

[Verse 5: Spice 1]
I don't want to live forever, it's do or die
I'd be a dead nigga talking gangsta S.P.I
Niggas don't want me to be up in they system when I'm deceased
Talk shit about when I'm up in the coffin nigga you'll rest in peace (well alright)
Motherfucker, I die for this shit, I got a lot ridin'
Some niggas be backslidin', some niggas fall off and go into hidin'
Some niggas be players up in the game five years
Some niggas be making one platinum album
Then be gettin' disrespecting O.G. peers
Motherfucking hard since I was fo-teen, partners (fo-teen partna)
Some niggas be laying up in them streets, broke 'em off somethin' proper
Haters may try to take your soul cold-hearted ass niggas
Gotta ride with two twin Glocks, gotta sleep fingers on triggers
Niggas don't want to see you have nothing, so have something
And if a nigga run up on you, put a slug and get to dumping nigga
Fame...

[Chorus: Kokane]
Something we all adore
Something we dying for
Stuck in this pain, stuck in this game
Searching for fortune and fame
Something we all adore
Something we dying for
Nothing but pain, stuck in this game

Nothing but pain...
Stuck in this gaaaaaame[Introduction: 2Pac]
I want to be, yo, let me fuck that nigga down
You heard that shit, nigga
Ay, yo, what you going with that big ass
My ghetto love song, set it off, set it off
Let's be friends, where my niggas' at
Where my niggas', where my niggas'
Where my niggas' at, all my real niggas'
Where my niggas', where my niggas'

Let's be friends, throw your hands in the air
There's no need to front
Let's see you just throw your hands in the air
Let's be friends, Westside in this motherfucka right here
Throw your hands in the air, Westside

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Approach you and post a minute, yeah
All on my double 'R', tinted
As you pass bye winking
My eye's freshly scented
What's the happ's baby, what's up
Come get with me and perhaps lady
You can help me multiply my stacks, baby
Currency seems small, I need companionship
Through with that scandalous shit
I bet your man ain't shit, ain't shit
So why you're hesitating
Acting like your shit don't stink
Check out my diamonds, bitch, everyone's going to blink
This be a thug paid outlaw nigga with riches
Cream dreaming motherfucka on a mash for bitches
Check my resume, sipping on Cristal and Alizé, puking
Smoking on big weed, keyed the Cali way, Westside!
Don't like tricking but I'll buy you what fit
I can't stand no sneaker-wearing nappy head bitch
Let my pedigree breathe reason, this' OG
Putting bitch-made busters' to sleep with no grief
Mash on my so-called car, who the man
While I'm tugging on your made-bitch's hand, Westside
Understand this, ain't no nigga like me
Fuck Jay Z, he's broke and I smoke daily
Baby, let's be friends

[Hook: 2Pac]
Friends, where's my niggas' at, come on y'all
No need to front, let's be friends
Because I know you want to fuck
Let's be friends, no need to front, let's be friends
Because I know you want to fuck

[Verse 2: 2Pac]
I met you and I stuttered in passion
Though slightly blinded by that ass
It was hard to keep my dick in my pants
Every time you pass, got me checking for you hardcore
Staring and watching, me and you one on one
Picture countless options, was it prophecy
Clear as day, visions on top of me
Erotic, psychotic, would possess my body
Far from a crush, I want to bust your guts
And touch everything inside you from my head to my nuts
You got me sweating like a fat girl going for mine
Just a skinny nigga's fucking like she stole my mind
Back in time, I recall how she used to be
I guess money and fame made you used to me
What's up in nine-six, fine tricks in drag
Fuck Dre, tell that bitch, 'He can kiss my ass'
Back to you, my pretty ass caramel queen
Got my hands on your thighs, now let me in-between as friends

[Hook: 2Pac]

[Verse 3: 2Pac]
Can you imagine me in player mode, rush the tricks
I got her ready for a booty call, I fucked your bitch
Was it me or the fame, my dick or the game
Bet I scream 'Westside' when I came, Westside
Scream my name because, baby, it's delicious
Got a weak spot for pretty bitches
Up and down, similar to switches
My movement, baby, let your back dip into it, make it fluent
In and out, all around when a nigga do it
You've got me high, let me come inside
I love it when you get on top, baby let me ride
Who wants to stop me, am I top notch
Fuck player-hating niggas' because they cock block
You'd probably hate to see a real thug with vision
What's the game, rather see a nigga up in prison
Why have you changed
Made a living out of cuss words, liquor and weed
A bad seed turned good in this world of G's
Baby's got me fantasizing, seeing you naked
It's a fuck song, check the record, so check my record

[Hook: 2Pac] [x4]

[Conclusion] [x4]
Make money, take money, let's get paid
Come on, get your cash on, let's get paidFrom first glance I know exactly what would Be
u and I have perfect hearts destined one day 2 Be
The circumstances don't even matter because my heart never lies
And if u don't admit 2 this it is u who will be surprised[Sample]
"I thought I had friends, but I ain't got no fuckin' friends
I thought I had friends, but I ain't got no fuckin' friends"

[Ad-lib]
Ha ha ha… hey man fuck all y'all… fuck all y'all
I don't need nobody
Fuck 'em… fuck all y'all (fuck all y'all)

[Verse 1]
Money gone fuck friends, I need a homie that know me
When all these motherfuckin' cops be on me
I got problems, ain't nobody callin' back
Now what the fuck is happenin' with my ballin' cats?
Remember me? I'm your homie that was down to brawl
Sippin' Hennessy, hangin' with the clowns, and all
We used to do is drink brew, screw and common knew
We had bitches by the dozens, we fuckin' cousins
You can throw your middle finger if you feel me, loc
A nigga just got paid and we still was broke
It took time, but finally the cash was mine
All the rewards of a hustler stuck in the grind
Look around, and all I see is snakes and fakes
It's like scavengers, waitin' to take a hustler's place
And when you stuck, where the fuck is all your friends?
They straight busted and can't be trusted; fuck y'all!

[Sample]
"I thought I had friends, but I ain't got no fuckin' friends
I thought I had friends, but I ain't got no fuckin' friends"

[Collision]
Fuck all y'all
Fuck all y'all

[Verse 2]
I'm sippin' Tanqueray and juice and what's the use
‘Cause I'm a hopeless thug
Ain't no love reminiscin' on how close we was
Way back in the day, before they put the crack in the way
And heeyyy, how much money can you stack in a day?
It's gettin' rough, collect calls from my niggas in cuffs
I recollect we used to ball, now just living's enough
I stand tall in the winter, summer, spring or fall
"Thug For Life" sprawled all across the wall
And all about my dollars make me wanna holla
Drop an album, sell a million, give a fuck about tomorrow
I know it's gettin' crazy after dark, these marks
Keep on huffin' and puffin', ain't no fear in my heart
What's goin' on in the ghetto? Still struggle and strive
I still roll with the heater, smokin' chocolate thai
In '94, I'll be goin' solo
Too many problems of my own so I'm rollin' dolo; fuck all y'all!

[2Pac]
Huh, pardon me!

[Sample]
"I thought I had friends, but I ain't got no fuckin' friends
I thought I had friends, but I ain't got no fuckin' friends
I thought I had friends, but I ain't got.."

[Collision]
Fuck all y'all
Fuck all y'all ...fuck all y'all

[Verse 3]
I went from rags to riches
Quick to socializin' with the baddest bitches
Went from a bucket to a rag with switches
I'm seein' death around the corner
I'm bumpin' "Gloriaaaa," doin' 90 ‘cause I wanna
I'm gettin' high, and like I said, it was some chocolate thai
Mixed with some Indonesia, watch me fly
And even though I know the cops behind me
Hit the weed and I continue doin' 90
Until I get caught, another ticket get to kick it in court
Fuck the law, give a shit, I'm even worse than before
I know they wanna see a nigga buried
But I ain't worried, still throwin' these thangs
Got me locked in these chains
And hey, nigga, what the fuck is you wailin' 'bout?
Soon as I hit the cell, I'll be bailin' out
And when I hit the streets, I'm in a rush to ball
I'm screamin' "Thug Life!", nigga, fuck y'all!

[Sample]
"I thought I had friends, but I ain't got no fuckin' friends
I thought I had friends, but I ain't got no fuckin' friends
I thought I had friends, but I ain't got no fuckin' friends
I thought I had friends, but I ain't got no fuckin' friends
I thought I had friends, but I ain't got no fuckin' friends
I thought I had friends, but I ain't got no fuckin' friends
I thought I had friends, but I ain't got no fuckin' friends
I thought I had friends, but I ain't got no fuckin' friends"

[Ad-lib]
That’s right fuck all y'all man
Fuck all y’all
That is right, I don’t need nobody
Fuck all y’all
Fuck all the hard copies daily news
Fuck the bitches, the tele news, New York Posts, all those motherfuckers
Fuck all y’all
Fuck 'em[Hook: 2Pac + (singers)]
You a what? Bad Boy Killaz
(That's right, bitch, fuck 'em all!)
Hahaha, yeah, nigga, fuck 'em all!
(That's right, bitch, fuck 'em all!)
Fuck all you muthafuckers!
Ayo, Biggie, put your hands up!

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Now, I can make it happen
My rappin' is similar to mothafuckers when they scrappin'
Blast and watch 'em back up
Notorious Biggie killer, affiliation with Death Row
Niggas get their caps pealed back, fool, this the West Coast
Bitch, you misdemeanor, I'm raisin' hell like felonies
Mr. Makaveli straight outta jail to sellin' these
Intoxicated, we duplicated but never faded
Now that we made it my adversaries is player hatin'
Got a Mercedes for these tricks, that thought I quit
Then got a drop top Jag for these bitches that's on my dick
Go to a club in a pack, I'm smokin' bud in the back
I wait for niggas to trip ‘cause, bitch, I love to scrap
Mama raised me as a thug nigga, with love niggas
I'm a millionaire started as a drug dealer
I went from rocks to zines, writin' raps and movies
I went from trustin' these tricks
Now they all want to sue me, so fuck 'em all!

[Hook: Young Noble + (singers)]
(That's right, bitch, fuck 'em all!)
Come put your hands up in the air!
It's a middle finger affair, yeah
(That's right, bitch, fuck 'em all!)

[Verse 2: Kadafi]
Now, could you picture my criminal status at its fuckin' peak?
Even the baddest be gettin' murdered in they seats
I'm addicted to these streets, like crack is to these creeps
Seein' visions of a prison, wake up screamin' in my sleep
Is there a heaven in this hell? A possibility of livin' well?
But if they killin' me, I get my stripes and whose to tell
Choosin' to sell, I'd rather die and be deceased
World mob figure addicted to these fuckin' streets

[Verse 3: E.D.I]
Now, put your muthafuckin' hands up if you's a rider (Ride)
Niggas ain't killers so they hidin' (Why?)
Fuck 'em all, touch 'em all; that's the way that we do it
Ride up, hop the fuck out, watch that bitch nigga lose it
Man, I'm as strong as this game, ya'll be knowin' my name
A young high strung thug nigga created by pain
Livin' my life in the fast lane, gettin' fucked by the past
Got my mind on my cash
And my next piece of ass, so fuck 'em all!

[Hook: Young Noble + (Singers)]
(That's right, bitch, fuck 'em all!)
Come put your hands up in the air!
It's a middle finger affair, yeah
(That's right, bitch, fuck 'em all!)
I do my dirt all by my lonely
Don't need no phony homie to call me
(That's right, bitch, fuck 'em all!)
Back off, I hit at everyone of you homies
So don't get comfortable, I'm runnin' you
(That's right, bitch, fuck 'em all!)
Nigga, we Outlaw riders
Don't give a fuck if you love us, we thuggin'

[Verse 3: 2Pac]
I got glad bags with enemies, cut up so they remember me
Soaked up in Hennessy, so they relatives know it's me
You can bet your last dollar, I'll dick 'em and holla
Ridin' these hoochies like they some heavy ass Chevy impalas
Jump up and get your ass shot up
For my profit pick my Glock up
I'm bustin' with self-defense, you see
Poppin' nobody got 'em, holla
Outlaw riders, mash up on the gas pedal
Vacate the scene, count the cash and stash the precious metal
Here come the coppers, the S.W.A.T. team and the helicopters
Them crackers is crazy, why? ‘Cause they'll never stop us
I watched Arnold Schwarzenegger bust somebody in a movie
Now I want to do it too, ooh, ooh
Niggas is too through, true to the game
I claim Outlaw riders, we give a fuck what they try, I'm…

[Verse 4: Young Noble]
‘Cause Young Noble behind it
Can you picture me stickin' niggas for they watch and chain?
Kick back, lil' nigga, and watch the game
Get your mob rocked and what-not
We keep it poppin', like a drug spot
The streets know what's hot, trust me

[Verse 5: Napoleon]
Even my hood call me "baby Malcolm X"
With the TEC's, shower some slugs on 'em
I've got a brother, don't rest and he keeps some drugs on him
Always in grind mood, hustle to find food
Ever seen Faces of Death? That's what my 9 do

[Verse 6: Kastro]
I keep my mind on my money, and my money on my mind
With my back against the wall, like I'm runnin' outta time
Even rap with a gat, I must be goin' out my mind
Like I'm up against the world, this guerilla team of mine
Screamin', "Thug Life, bitch, fuck 'em all!" and die for 'em
Even if the last nigga left I'ma ride for 'em
Feel me? Until they kill me, that's how I'm rollin'
"Fuck 'em all, let them die!" – that's my slogan; fuck 'em all!

[Hook: Young Noble + (singers)]
(That's right, bitch, fuck 'em all!)
Come put your hands up in the air!
It's a middle finger affair, yeah
(That's right, bitch, fuck 'em all!)
I do my dirt all by my lonely
Don't need no phony homie to call me
(That's right, bitch, fuck 'em all!)
Back off, I hit at everyone of you homies
So don't get comfortable, I'm runnin' you
(That's right, bitch, fuck 'em all!)
Nigga, we Outlaw riders
Don't give a fuck if you love us, we thuggin'
(That's right, bitch, fuck 'em all!)
(That's right, bitch, fuck 'em all!)
(That's right, bitch, fuck 'em all!)[Intro: 2Pac]
Pawhoo hoo hoo hoo, live from the crazyhouse
I don’t wanna be your man, bitch, (fuck that) what you crazy
I don’t wanna be your fuckin' man
You stupid, you fuckin' idiot! (drunk ho)
I wanna be… yo let me fuck that nigga down
What’s that? Ayo, what you doin' with that big ass?
My ghetto love song (hahaha)
Set it off, set it off! Let’s be friends! Where my niggas at?
Where my niggas, where my niggas, where my niggas at?
All my real niggas (throw your mothafuckin' hands up!)
Where my niggas, where my niggas?
Hahahaha yeeeah (let's go, let's go!)
Let’s be friends! (throw your hands in the air!)
There’s no need to front
(Let’s see you just throw your hands in the air!) let's be friends!
(Westside in this motherfucker right here, Westside)
(Throw your hands in the air!)

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Approach you and post a minute, arm on my double-R tinted
As you pass bye, winkin' my eye, freshly scented
What's the haps, baby? Come get with me and perhaps, lady
You can help me multiply my stacks, baby
Currency seems small, I need companionship
Through with that scandalous shit, I bet your man ain't shit
So why you hesitatin', actin' like yo' shit don't stink?
Check out my diamonds, bitch, everyone gonna blink
This be a thug thing, Outlaw nigga with riches
Cream dreamin', motherfucker, on a mash for bitches
Check my résumé, sippin' on Cristal and Alizé
Smokin' on big weed keyed the Cali way
Don't like trickin', but I'll buy you a fifth
I can't stand no sneaker-wearin' nappy head bitch
Let my pedigree read briefly, they're so cheap
Puttin' bitch-made bustas to sleep with no grief
Mash on my so-called comp, who the man?
While I'm tuggin' on your main bitch head
Understand this: ain't no nigga like me, fuck Jay-Z!
He broke and I smoke daily—baby, let's be friends!

[Chorus: Singer & (2Pac)]
Let's be friends (Where my niggas at? C'mon!)
You ain't gotta be my man at all
Long as you just bring me your friends
(All my niggas, where my hoes at?)
Why you trickin' on them other hoes?
Let's be friends! (Where the bitches at?
Where the niggas with money? Where you at, baby?)
You ain't gotta be my man at all
Long as you just bring me your friends (Cash makin' hoes)
Why you trickin' on them other hoes? Let's be friends

[Verse 2: 2Pac]
I met you and I stuttered in passion
Though slightly blinded by that ass
It was hard to keep my dick in my pants
Every time you pass got me checkin' for you
Hardcore, starin' and watchin'
Me and you, one on one, picture countless options
Was it prophecy? Clear as day, visions on top of me
Erotic, psychotic, would possess bubonics
Far from a crush, I wanna bust your guts and touch
Everything inside you from my head to my nuts
You got me sweatin' like a fat girl goin' for mine
Just a skinny nigga fuckin' like she stole my mind
Back in time, I recall how she used to be
I guess money and fame made you used to me
What's up in 9-6? Fine tricks in drag
Fuck Dre! Tell that bitch he can kiss my ass!
Back to you, my pretty-ass caramel queen
Got my hands on your thighs, now let me in between as friends

[Chorus: singer & (2Pac)]
Let's be friends (Westside, motherfucker, right here)
You ain't gotta be my man at all
Long as you just bring me your friends
(Westside in this motherfucker)
Why you trickin' on them other hoes?
Let's be friends (Westside in this motherfucker right here)
You ain't gotta be my man at all
Long as you just bring me your friends
(In this motherfucker right here)
Why you trickin' on them other hoes? Let's be friends

[Verse 3: 2Pac]
Can you imagine me in player mode, rush the tricks?
I got her ready for a booty call, I fucked your bitch
Was it me or the fame, my dick or the game?
Bet I screamed Westside when I came (Westside!)
Scream my name ‘cause, baby, it's delicious
Ghetto weak spot for pretty bitches
Up and down similar to switches
My movement, baby, let your back get into it (into it)
Make it fluid (fluid), in and out, all around when a nigga do it
You got me high, let me come inside!
I love it when you get on top, baby, let me ride!
Who wanna stop me? Am I top notch?
Fuck player-hatin' niggas, ‘cause they cockblock
You probably hate to see a real thug with vision, what's the game?
Rather see a nigga up in prison, why you change?
Made a livin' out of cuss words, liquor and weed
A bad seed turned good in this world of G's
Baby got me fantasizin' seein' you naked
It's the fuck song so check my record and let's be friends
Where my niggas at? Show me where my niggas at?
Where my bitches at? Thug style!

[Chorus: singer & (2Pac)]
Let's be friends (Where my niggas at? Where my bitches at?)
(Throw yo' guns in the air!)
Friends… (My ghetto love song!
It goes on and on and on and on)
Let's be friends (Where my niggas at? Where my bitches at?)
(Where my niggas at?)
Friends… (Where my niggas at? Where my bitches at?)
(Where my people at? Let's be…)

[Bridge: 2Pac]
Where my people at? Show me where my people at!
Where my people at? Show me where my people at!
All my niggas now, just my niggas come!
Where my niggas at? Just my niggas now!
Be friends, tell me where my niggas at
Be friends, tell me where my bitches at
Be friends, tell me where my people at
Be friends, tell me where my bitches at
Make money, take money, be friends

[Chorus: singer & (2Pac)]
Let's be friends (Get your cash on! Let's get dough!)
You ain't gotta be my man at all
Long as you just bring me your friends
(C'mon, get your cash on!)
Why you trickin' on them other hoes?
Let's be friends (C'mon, get your cash on! Let's get paid!)
You ain't gotta be my man at all
Long as you just bring me your friends
(C'mon, get your cash on!)
Why you trickin' on them other hoes? Let's be friends

[Outro: 2Pac]
Make money, take money!
Make money, take money!
Make money, take money!
Make money, take money!
Make money, take money!Niggas.. fuckin' with the wrong nigga

[Verse 1]
My seductive introduction be specific
Still elusive, but exclusive's what I give you when I kick it
And I'm still lifted; niggas can't get with Mr. Wicked
Picture me flippin' my adversaries, gettin' the dick swiftly
Niggas is swingin' wild, but they styles miss me
You can bring that bitch, but your whole click will still get treated shitty
Business never personal
I'm up before the sun come up, I'm tired
Just a ghetto star, a drop top double-R is what I'm ridin'
Nigga, if you was half the man your bitch was
Bring yo' artillery when you come for me, ‘cause we sick thugs
No hesitation when I pull and blast, ‘cause Syke was bustin'
Plus, Bo had 'em duckin', screamin', "Get they cash!"
So now I got the law on me
My phone's tapped, so I had to send word through my lil' homies
Tell them niggas this the year when they pull the trigger
Shit, this is what you get, for fuckin' with the wrong nigga

[Hook]
This is what you get
When you fuckin' with the wrong nigga
Hehehehe, yeah, nigga, peep it

[Verse 2]
Before I lay me down to sleep, I pray and thank the Lord
For givin' me another fruitful day
I wanna be a peaceful, man, but still when niggas come for me
All I can see is gettin' 'em killed
For real, it's how I feel
Reflect my thoughts, flowin' on these reels
Make my enemies deal with my steel; they caps peeled
We still cool, but you played yourself
Give him the MAC and make him spray hisself, heyyy
Fallin' legends clutchin' chrome three-five-seven
Puttin' two bullets to they dome, wanted to die in Heaven
Why call in shots? Nobody really as clear as me
Ain't tryin' to help the feds get a case for conspiracy
Murder, my foes get disposed of
We all homies to the death, so my true niggas show me love
God, forgive me for my lifestyle, a negative figure
But why they fuckin' with the wrong nigga
You know?

[Hook]
It's like.., why you fuckin' with the wrong nigga?

[Verse 3]
I was raised by thugs, schooled by killers
Learned my mathematics skills from real drug dealers
Tried to rise, but they tried me
I guess they all had to die, ‘cause we tried peace
I die in these streets
Blast 'til they recognize
Still do or die, all my niggas gettin' high, watchin' time fly
Best strategize on the way to profit
Best organize how you ride, so they can't stop it
Then keep it poppin', lot of busters wanna see me fall
I fucked your bitch, and now this new shit, gon', fade 'em all
My niggas ball, made a call for some back-up
The lil' homies and my dogs in the black truck
"Buck buck" was the sound as they gats burst
No need for ambulance, baby, bring the black hearse
Should've never fucked around, buster
How you figure makin' moves on the wrong nigga

[Hook]
It's what it sounds like, ding ding ding..
When you fuckin' with the wrong nigga
Niggas gettin' hit, when they fuckin' with the wrong nigga
Fuckin' with the wrong niggaPunk Police
FUCK THE POLICE

Oh you too, nigga
Don't think we ain't talking about your punk ass
You ol' fake ass nigga

Here we go
Turn it up let it start
From block to block we snatchin hearts
And jackin' marks
And the punk police can't fade me
You made me
Crooked-ass beast something daisy

But right now
I got my mind set up
Lookin down the barrel of my nine
Get up
Cause it's time to make that pay back
Fact
And my brothas on the block better stay strapped
Black

And accept no substitutes
I bring truth to the youth
Tear the roof off the whole school
Oh no, I won't turn the other cheek
Case you can't see
This what we burned the other week -uh

Now we go him in the smash - blast
How long will it last until the po' get mo' cash?
Until then, RAISE up
To my young black males, BLAZE up

Life's a mess
Don't stress - test
Or give in
But be thankful that you livin bless
Much love to my brothas in the Pen
See ya when I free ya
Not when they shove me in

[ Chorus ] x4

Thug for life
High till I die
Shootin crooked-ass cops
Lettin' it fly

Tell 'em

Thug for life
High till I die
Shootin crooked-ass cops
Lettin 'it fly

Tell 'em

Thug for life
High till I die
Shootin crooked-ass cops
Lettin' it fly

Tell 'em

Thug for life
High till I die
Shootin crooked-ass cops
Lettin 'it fly

Pump your fists like this
Holla if you hear me
Pump pump if you're pissed
To the sell-outs, livin it up
One way or another you'll be givin' it up - hugh

I guess cause I'm black-born
I'm supposed to say "peace" sing songs and get capped on
But it's time for a new plan - BAMN!
I'll be swingin like a one man klan

[ Chorus ] x4
Thug for life
High till I die
Shootin crooked-ass cops
Lettin' it fly

Tell 'em

Thug for life
High till I die
Shootin crooked-ass cops
Lettin 'it fly


Interview [referring to playing a cop as an actor]:
"The good part about is, we get to show the human side of cops doing what they do
Cause, it's always been my belief that cops are just a gang themselves- with the good and the bad
Like I believe the gang bangers on the street got both good and bad like the police officers do
They got stress and they got character flaws that come from their lifestyles

I could be the best actor that anybody seen
Given the chance, the opportunity, and the experience and the lessons from people, I could be the best...
But right now I don't wish to the best, I just want to be one of them

If you look at it from a stereotypical point of view, like how people say, you know
'All your troubles with the law, how can you play a cop?'
Just from a stereotypical point of view
Who could play a cop better?
I've seen them and their evil when they think nobody's looking. I've seen the  compassion, I've seen the anger, I've seen the jealousy, I've seen fear,  I've seen respect and I've seen hate- from cops
More than anybody, know what I mean? I been there. I just got out of maximum penitentiary[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Who you callin' rapist?
Ain't that a bitch
You devils are so two faced
Wanna see me locked in chains, dropped in shame
And gettin' stalked by these crooked cops again
Fuckin' with the young Black male, tryin' to stack bail
And um, stay away from the packed jails
I told the judge I'm in danger
And that's why I had that .45 with one in the chamber
Fuck the world!

[Chorus: Shock G & 2Pac]
They tryna say that I don't care
I woke up screamin' "Fuck the world!"
They tryna say that I don't care
Just woke up and screamed "Fuck the world!"
They tryna say that I don't care
Uhh, I woke up and screamed "Fuck the world!"
They're tryna say that I don't care
Just got up and screamed "Fuck the world!"

[Verse 2: 2Pac]
When I was comin' up rough that wasn't even what you called it
That's why I smoke blunts now and run with alcoholics
I'm gettin' flex to me, comin' from my enemies
And in their dreams it's hell where they sendin' me
Have I lost control or just another soul?
A car full of motherfuckers when we roll
Sippin' on yak as I sit back
Life as a big mack
Brothers come up and say "you did that?"
Never take your eyes off the prize and even if you gettin' high
Don't ever hesitate to try
Cause you can fall off or stay ballin', niggas we all in
And them my motherfuckers callin'
Fuck the world!

[Chorus: Shock G & 2Pac]
They tryna say that I don't care
Woke up screamed "Fuck the world!"
They tryna say that I don't care
Just woke up and screamed "Fuck the world!"
They tryna say that I don't care
I got up and screamed "Fuck the world!"
They're tryna say that I don't care
I woke up and screamed "Fuck the world!"
They're tryna say that I don't care

[Verse 3: 2Pac]
(Man, Fuck the world)
Damn, they wanna label me a menace
Cause I'm sittin' here sippin' on Guinness
Weighin' 165 and these tricks should die
For being jealous of a brother when he rise
I can see it in your eyes, you wanna see a young playa fallin'
They hate to see a nigga ballin'
Some of you suckers is rotten, plottin' on what I got
And then you wonder why I shot him (Booyeah)
Stop givin' game for free, you wanna hang with me
Like being a thug is the thang to be
But I got love for my homies, the G's and macks
And if you're black, you better stay strapped
Nigga, Fuck the world!

[Chorus: Shock G & 2Pac]
They tryna say that I don't care
I woke up screamed "Fuck the world!"
They tryna say that I don't care
I woke up and screamed "Fuck the world!"
They tryna say that I don't care
I got up and screamed "Fuck the world!"
Haha, Fuck the world!
Fuck it
I hear my niggas screamin' "Fuck the world"

[Verse 4: 2Pac]
They wanna know if I claim the clique that I'm hangin' with
And if I'm down with this bangin' shit
Well homie I don't give a fuck if you Blood or Cuz
Long as you got love for thugs
But don't try to test me out, stall that
Homie this is Thug Life nigga and we all strapped
I been through hell and back and if I fail, black
Then it's back to the corner where we sell crack
Some of you niggas is bustas, you runnin' round
With these tramp-ass bitches, don't trust her
But don't cry, this world ain't prepared for us
A straight thug motherfucker who ain't scared to bust
Fuck the world!

[Chorus: Shock G & 2Pac]
They tryna say that I don't care
I woke up screamed "Fuck the world!"
They tryna say that I don't care
I woke up screamin' "Fuck the world!"
They tryna say that I don't care (They tryna say that I don't care)
I woke up and screamed "Fuck the world!" (Yeah what’s goin on y’all?)
Uhh, uhh, uhh.. Fuck the world!

[Outro: Shock G]
I don’t care.. I don’t care, I don’t care!(Intro): 2pac
We takin' this one to the whole 'nother level gutter style thug style
You feel me, things that we can only do as a real G
We ain't dead yet

(Verse 1): 2pac
Hit me, I got my Hennessy find ya foes
In a room full of niggas tryin' to hide ya hoes
I'm gettin' high off buddha cause the times be slow
I keep my mind on dough you never find me broke
And who me? A nigga livin' life like a G
In that artillery keepin' niggas off of me
I can't sleep livin' in these wicked times, peep
Niggas after me cause they see I'm stackin' G's and heat
You can holler if you want to, please!!
I ain't runnin' with no punk crew  bleed!!
Enemies and my range is on, you're in the danger zone
My fuckin' game is strong, now hotline
You suckas better find ya mind I got mine
From hustlin' and bustin' them rhymes
To my niggas up in Quentin, Down on Rikers Isle
Stay rile, but a nigga gotta use his styles

(Hook): 2pac
These, niggas don't know my style
Quick to smile, juvenile, was a problem child
Try to put me in the cross, but my force was wild
Bitch-made ass niggas don't know my style
These, niggas don't know my style
Quick to smile, juvenile, was a problem child
Try to put me in the cross, but my force was wild
Bitch-made ass niggas don't know my style

(Verse 2): 2pac
I could be wrong but I never got along with cops
It's like they stuck from makin' niggas duck from Glocks
And all the time, my mind's full of thoughts of ends
I'm still rollin' my bucket but I bought me a Benz
My fake friends say they love me but I know they lie
Cause in the dark see they hearts full of homicide
My mama cried when they took me off to jail
Only me inside the cell, straight locked up in this hell
I hear some sucker screamin' like the demon's inside
Will 'em away in the mornin', only the strong survive
I cry, but in my own way swallow my pride
Pick a reason to hide from all the niggas that die
Cemetery full of brothers I buried it's goin' down
Even now I wonder will I still be around
My hometown is the gutter I was born a wild
I came up out this dust with my heartless style

(Hook): 2pac
These, niggas don't know my style
Quick to smile, juvenile, was a problem child
Try to put me in the cross, but my force was wild
Bitch-made ass niggas don't know my style
These, niggas don't know my style
Quick to smile, juvenile, was a problem child
Try to put me in the cross, but my force was wild
Bitch-made ass niggas don't know my style

(Verse 3): Eazy-E
Aw yeah, let's take a trip
Just sit back and light a spliff with this and don't slip
On a funky-dope track jump back
Strapped with a fat boota sack and a 7-8 flak
Come clean, gangsta lean, I got green
But I serve dubs like it ain't no thing I hang with O.G. players don't set trip Or you might get what we call a rat pack I don't slack when it come to street I kick real G funk to a Gangsta beat It's so sweet, when you got money to spend I got a proper big tilt and a fabec Benz
I make ends, spend my dough I'm no foe
That's how it is, and that's how it goes
Act like you know when I creep real slow
Givin' love to them playas that I know is real G's

(Hook): 2pac
Niggas don't know my style
Quick to smile, juvenile, was a problem child
Try to put me in the cross, but my force was wild
Bitch-made ass niggas don't know my style

(Verse 4): Eazy-E
Dump dump on fools with a quickness
And they got no cure for this sickness
I get paid for the way that I kick this
Like a G-ster, an OG-ster
(Who's that?) A real playa named Eazy
And I live my life straight crazy
Don't need no punk fools payin' me
And broke groupies and hootchies don't faze me
I take two steps back and release myself
To put platinum and gold on the record shelf
I don't brag, but I do it like a straight up is
Before you do a record, partna, handle your business And don't get caught slippin' on the under
Or you might wonder (What's up on dem ends, G?)
I call a spade a spade, and get paid
G's show the way, so I give love to 'em That O.G.P.I.M PILMO, GILMO
Hip-Hop thugsta, so quick to rush ya
Straight to the dirt, fool I do work
Nobody move, nobody get hurt
That's how it is when it come to me
Cause I'm the short but quickest player name Eazy Women can't play me some say I'm crazy
But I don't think so, coming if your loco
I give a damn about a skankless trick
Let me hit it one time and trick that's it
But don't trip, gives my dough to no foe
That's how it is, I got no love for ya

(Hook): 2pac
These, niggas don't know my style
Quick to smile, juvenile, was a problem child
Try to put me in the cross, but my force was wild
Bitch-made ass niggas don't know my style
Niggas don't know my style
Quick to smile, juvenile, was a problem child
Try to put me in the cross, but my force was wild
Bitch-made ass niggas don't know my style
Niggas don't know my style
Quick to smile, juvenile, was a problem child
Try to put me in the cross, but my force was wild
Bitch-made ass niggas don't know my style
Niggas don't know my style
Quick to smile, juvenile, was a problem child
Try to put me in the cross, but my force was wild
Bitch-made ass niggas don't know my style

(2Pac Collision)
You mothafuckas all about my motherfuckin' hell being though [laughs]
This shit thuggish, fo' life, I told y'all, it's album three see
G sound, freestyle
Motherfuckin' Young Thugs in this motherfucker [laughs][2Pac]
What time is it?
Shit, it's early nigga
It's like (god damn) ten o clock
Hand me some of that liquor
Fuck it
Ayo im gonna go get some more of that shit
(coughin')
Yeah it's time!
Yeah
Thug life nigga!
What time is it?
Ah yeah time to get my drink on
Time to get my drink on
Yeah, time to get my drink on
Time to get my drink on
Time to get my drink on
Time to get my drink on baby!
Yeah, time to get my drink on
Time to get my drink on
Yeah, time to get my drink on
Time to get my drink on
Yeah, time to get my drink on
Time to get my drink on
Time to get my drink on
Time to get my drink on babe!!!
Time to get my drink on yeah!
Time to get my drink on
Time to get my drink on yeah!
Time to get my drink on baby!!
Time to get my drink on
Time to get my drink on
Time to get my drink on yeah
Time to get my drink on baby!!
Time to get my drink on
Time to get my drink on
Yeah nigga
Time to get my drink on
Time to drink baby!!
Time to get my drink on
Time to get my drink on
Time to get my drink on yeah!
Get my drink on nigga
Time to get my drink on
Time to get my drink on
Time to get my drink on
Time to get my drink on baby!
Time to get my drink on
Time to get my drink on
Time to get my drink on
Time to get my drink on yeah!
Time to get my drink on
Time to get my drink on
Time to get my drink on
Time to get my drink on
Time to get my drink on
Time to get my drink on baby!
How ya livin?
Time to get my drink on yeah!
Time to get my drink on baby!
Time to get my drink on
Time to get my drink on yeah!
Time to get my drink on baby![Intro: 2Pac]
Uh, hit 'em with a little ghetto gospel

[Chorus: Elton John]
Those who wish to follow me
(My ghetto gospel)
I welcome with my hands
And the red sun sinks at last
Into the hills of gold
And peace to this young warrior
Without the sound of guns

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
If I could recollect before my hood days
I sit and reminisce, thinkin' of bliss and the good days
I stop and stare at the younger
My heart goes to 'em, they tested with stress that they under
And nowadays things change
Everyone's ashamed of the youth 'cause the truth look strange
And for me it's reversed
We left 'em a world that's cursed, and it hurts
‘Cause any day they'll push the button
And all good men like Malcolm X or Bobby Hutton died for nothin'
Don't it make you get teary? The world looks dreary
When you wipe your eyes, see it clearly
There's no need for you to fear me
If you take your time to hear me
Maybe you can learn to cheer me
It ain't about black or white, ‘cause we human
I hope we see the light before it's ruined; my ghetto gospel

[Chorus: Elton John]
Those who wish to follow me
(Ghetto gospel)
I welcome with my hands
And the red sun sinks at last
Into the hills of gold
And peace to this young warrior
Without the sound of guns

[Verse 2: 2Pac]
Tell me, do you see that old lady? Ain't it sad?
Livin' out of bag but she's glad for the little things she has
And over there, there's a lady, crack got her crazy
Guess who's givin' birth to a baby?
I don't trip or let it fade me
From out of the fryin' pan we jump into another form of slavery
Even now I get discouraged
Wonder, if they take it all back, will I still keep the courage?
I refuse to be a role model
I set goals, take control, drink out my own bottles
I make mistakes but learn from every one
And when it's said and done, I bet this brother be a better one
If I upset you, don't stress
Never forget that God isn't finished with me yet
I feel His hand on my brain
When I write rhymes I go blind and let the Lord do his thang
But am I less holy
'Cause I chose to puff a blunt and drink a beer with my homies?
Before we find world peace
We gotta find peace and end the war in the streets
My ghetto gospel

[Chorus: Elton John]
Those who wish to follow me
(Yeah, ghetto gospel)
I welcome with my hands
And the red sun sinks at last
Into the hills of gold
And peace to this young warrior
Without the sound of guns

[Outro: 2Pac]
Lord, can you hear me speak?
To pay the price of bein' hellbound[Produced by Deon Evans]

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
If I could recollect before my hood days
I'd sit, reminisce in bliss on the good days
I stop and stare at the younger
My heart goes to 'em
They tested, it was stressed that they under
We never really went through that
Because we was born B.C. - you and me before crack
And nowadays things changed
Everyone's ashamed of the youth cause the truth look strange
And for me it's reverse
We left them a world that's cursed and it hurts
Cause any day they'll push the button
And all good men like Malcolm X and Bobby Hutton died for nothin'
Don't 'em let me get teary
The world looks dreary
But when you wipe your eyes, see it clearly
There is no need for you to fear me
If you take the time to hear me
Maybe you can learn to cheer me
It ain't about black or white cause we're human
I hope we'll see the light before it's ruined
My Ghetto Gospel

[Hook]
(woman singing)
It's ok, it's ok, it's ok
(2Pac over chorus)
Yeah, my Ghetto Gospel
(Man talking)
(woman singing)
It's ok, it's ok, it's ok

[Verse 2: 2Pac]
Tell me, do you see that old lady? Ain't it sad?
Livin' out of bags but she's glad for the little things she has
And over there there's a lady, crack got her crazy, well guess she's givin' birth to a baby!
I don't trip to let 'em fade me
From outta the frying pan we jump into another form of slavery
And even now I get discouraged
I wonder if they take it all back will I still keep the courage?
I refuse to be a role model
I set goals, take control, drink out my own bottle (yeah)
I make mistakes but learn from everyone
And when it's said and done
I bet this brother will be a better one
If I upset you, don't stress and never forget that God isn't finished with me yet
I feel his hand on my brains when I write rhymes I go blind and let the Lord do his thing
But am I any less holy?
I choose to puff a blunt and drink a beer with my homies
(and this is not world peace, we tried and failed) and there is war on the streets!
My Ghetto Gospel

[Hook]

[Verse 3: 2Pac]
I remember grandma's hands used to hold me, mold me, I never forget the things she told me
Brothers' a butt and played the big shot, cause you know
Grannies are the only thing that little Ghetto kids got
Moms work and papa's buried
She dropped me over granny's house
Bless her heart cause she worry
And ghetto grannies are like books, we got so many crooks cause so many grannies gettin' shook
And gettin' dropped in the nursing home
And times is hard and even worst alone
And how could you be so cold
You'll get your turn as soon as you turn old
All they ask of every person
They try to figure out what's on the mind of a brother when he's cursing
9 out of 10 you'll find the problems, time to take a listen and see what you could do to solve them
Cause everybody needs a little help on the way to relying on one's self
So think about it... why 2Pac hit cha, hit cha with a little ghetto gospel
My Ghetto Gospel

[Hook]

[Verse 4: 2Pac]
I was a stone cold gangsta man
Until you gave me ghetto gospel, I thank you man
Used to roll in the back and do drugs a lot
Now I'm bangin' these tracks, slanging rhymes I got
In this world of greed tryin' to succeed on my beliefs
Now I lay me down to sleep
Lord can you hear me speak?
Can you forgive me for my sins?
If I had it all to do again, I'd still play to win
I hope the Lord can understand me
A man's gotta do what he can for his family
And pay the price of being hellbound
But I rather see hell later than see hell now
And the devil ain't got nothing on the president, cut back and keep us strapped in our residence and be like animals in cages
We can rant and rave about slavery for ages
Or we can start making positive and hit 'em with a little ghetto gospel
My Ghetto Gospel

[Hook]

It's ok, its ok, it's ok
(my ghetto gospel)
It's ok, it's ok, it's ok
(my ghetto gospel)
It's ok, it's ok, it's ok
(my ghetto gospel)
It's ok, it's ok, it's ok
(fades)[Intro: 2Pac]
Haha
For all my niggas in the hood (yeah!)
Livin' the life of a ghetto star
(you know) You know how we do it hahaha
Makaveli

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Just holla my name and witness game official
Niggas is so ashamed they stand stiff like scared bitches
While I remain inside a paradox called my block
Though gunshots is promised to me, when will I stop?
I hit the weed and hope to God I can fly high
Witness my enemies die when I ride by
They shouldn't have tried me
I send they bodies to they parents up North
With they faces, they wrists, and they nuts cut off
Fuck 'em all what I scream as I dream in tongues
Fuck a trick, get me rich and the bitches'll come
Bust my gun, make 'em all scatter
Bullets to my nuts only made my balls fatter
Eat a dick, biyotch mercy, never that, you say you comin' back?
Bring it on, forever strapped
Introduce you to the pleasure and the pain, you can go so far
Just sell me your soul, and live the life (of a ghetto star)

[Verse 2: Nutt-So]
I live the life of a thug nigga, drug dealer livin' game tight
Mug niggas, slug niggas for the fame life
Laced with game, practice on takin' pain
Quick to slang, and let it rain through yo' brain
Street smart, proficient, intelligent
And keep suckers hittin' 'til snitches start smellin' it
Movin' niggas with telekinesis
Keepin' Channel 7 at work, filmin' different features
Leadin' niggas to an early death with they head blown
And to those who didn't make it to the morgue was just dead and gone
And hope niggas got punished
Kidnapped, jacked in the back with MAC's to they neck, rappers waitin to get done in
Back [?] we tossed his ass out
M.O.B. related, one mo' nigga found shot up with his dick in his mouth
Printed my name in these streets as a motherfuckin' G
Now the next generation's lookin' up to me like Cedric told em [?]

[Verse 3: 2Pac]
Walkin' through the cemetery, talkin' to my homies that was buried
See my enemies wanna see me dead, I ain't worried, forgive me
Please give me shelter, calm my fears
Lifted my head, from my hands, had a palm of tears
I see bodies gettin' splashed, with acid
2 shots rang from the plastic Glock, wrapped in plastic
Buried the bastard, time to notify
His family, sheeit, ain't nothing left to be identified
Evacuate the crime scene fast
Why, I heard the Feds had a warrant for my ass
Fly, I won't touch down 'til I see Tijuana
Set up shop selling them crooked cops marijuana
Label me a success, I made the switch
Retired from the life that never gave me shit
But cash that I couldn't spend, countless cars
An addict for a wife, my life, as a ghetto star

[Verse 4: Nutt-So]
Got the word that some nerds wanna plot on this
Hit the curve, let it swerve, had to stop they grip
No remorse, no repentance as I buck one down
Straight to the morgue cause I plan on, shuttin' shit down
Born soldier, fucked 'em up with a MAC-fo'
Torn ligaments, all up in that nigga shoulder
And a vest couldn't protect that flesh
Cause I got, slugs, to knock the air out your chest
Death, apparently they wasn't sucka free
Cause I had all them wannabe thug niggas in protective custody
I guess they heard that I got them birds
Thought I was a nerd 'til I bucked one of them to the curb
Luxury livin' lavish, with dreams of dyin' rich
With a team and clientele on my mothafuckin' dick
And gettin' down on these snitch bitches, protectin' riches
By givin' stitches, the life as a ghetto star

[Interlude: 2Pac]
When I grow up I wanna be like them
My life as a ghetto star
When I grow up I wanna be like them
My life as a ghetto star
When I grow up I wanna be like them
Live my life as a ghetto star
When I grow up I wanna be like them
And live my life as a ghetto star
When I grow up I wanna be like them
Live my life as a ghetto star
When I grow up I wanna be like them
And live my life as a ghetto star

[Outro: 2Pac w/ Nutt-So talking in background]
This goes out to all you motherfuckers (to all you motherfuckers)
That STILL, have to kill to make that money (still, I'll be puttin' down)
All you niggas on the block, sellin' rocks
Hand to hand, runnin' from the police (sellin' motherfuckin' dopes)
(smokin' weed)
I see you
Live your life as a ghetto star
(look at these tramp ass hoes) Talk to the hood
Claimin' gettin' riches
(spank bitches ain't new)
Runnin' from new playa haters. (any fake ass niggas)
Live my life as a ghetto star
(this is still 70 south)
Niggas with two strikes that don't wanna see the third (nah), I feel you
It's the Don Makaveli - live my life as a ghetto star[2Pac - Speaking]
The only way, for me to come back, is by Makaveli
That's it! All these motherfuckers stole from me
I'm taking back what's mine

[Slowed down voice]
You motherfuckers can't stop me (laughing)
Even if I die, I'm gon' be a fuckin problem
Do you believe in ghosts, motherfucker?
Real live black... ghosts
Feel me?

[Verse One: 2Pac]
Some say I'm crazy, these punk-ass cops can't fade me
Mama tried to raise me, but had too many babies
Papa was a motherfuckin, joke
Used to find dope in his coat
And nearly choked when he'd tell me not to smoke
Daaamn, don't get me started
My mama smoked so goddamn much
When she was pregnant I'm surprised I ain't retarded
At night I can't sleep, count sheep
As they pass through the glass of my neighbors five deep
Starin at the wall, heard a scream
Wake up in the mornin'
See the blood in the hall from the murder scene
Don't cry, just ask why, and try not to die
As I take you through a ghetto nigga's lullaby
On the corner, where the niggas slang they crack
And the undercovers jack those that don't watch they back
(Five-0) I daydream about the dope world
Take a puff from the blunt and watch the smoke swirl
My mossberg goes BOOM, what's another plug
Snatchin drugs, pumpin' slugs in these other thugs
(GIVE IT UP NIGGA) Don't run out of breath
Every step could be death 'til you blast
And be the last nigga left, then I'll be ghost

[Chorus: 2Pac]
Don't cry, just ask why, and try not to die
As I take you through a ghetto nigga's lullaby
Don't cry, just ask why, and try not to die
As I take you through a ghetto nigga's lullaby

[Verse Two: 2Pac]
A seven-deuce full of niggas goes by
Thought I was trippin' the second time they rolled, by
Recognized the plates, the faces looked familiar
Everybody swear they know the nigga that's gonna, kill ya
Don't murder me murder me, kill a nigga in his sleep
Let me die as I rest in peace, deep
Back to these niggas in the seven-deuce
A Mac-10 out the window bout to let it loose, what could I do
Run for cover and return fire
DIE MOTHERFUCKIN DIE, hope your ass fry, don't ask why
But I let off everything I have
An empty clip, hit the ground as a nigga dash
On my ass was the motherfuckin cops now
Barely breathin tryin to keep from gettin shot down
BOO-YAOW is the sound, bullet whizzed by
Still runnin like a nigga got nine lives
Don't know why but I'm running to my fucking block
Took a shot, tired of running from the niggas and the cops
Time to be a ghost
(Hey man, come the fuck on)
And then we'll be ghost

[Chorus: 2Pac]
Don't cry, just ask why, and try not to die
As I take you through a ghetto nigga's lullaby

FUCK THE POLICE NIGGA![Hook]
Cardboard, man im just trying to be friend but
Give me a ACC, give me a ACC, give me a ACC, give me a ACC
Give me a ACC, give me a ACC, give me a ACC, give me a ACC
Give me a ACC, give me a ACC, give me a ACC, give me a ACC

[Verse 1: 2Pac + Sample]
I ask cardboard for a damn account, but the nigga said "no"
I was like woah, this nigga must be fucking ecks right up the ass
Because he gave ecks the account goes because that nigga gotta go for begging for a account that had a rare ass name, and these niggas man, this nigga name thai want to fuck with Outlawz, nigga its West Side until i die, ill fuck you up just like 9/11 nigga, Cardboard this is not a diss, its just a fucking message, if you dont listen, then give me a ACC

[Hook]
Cardboard, man im just trying to be friend but
Give me a ACC, give me a ACC, give me a ACC, give me a ACC
Give me a ACC, give me a ACC, give me a ACC, give me a ACC
Give me a ACC, give me a ACC, give me a ACC, give me a ACC

[Outro: 2Pac + Sample]
Man fuck yall niggas, just give me a account, and plus thai give me nitro[Reverend Run]
God
When I was alone, and had nothing
I asked for a friend to help me bear the pain
No one came, except God
When I needed a breath to rise, from my sleep
No one could help me.. except God
When all I saw was sadness, and I needed answers
No one heard me, except God
So when I'm asked.. who I give my unconditional love to?
I look for no other name, except God[Intro: 2Pac]
Rest in peace to my motherfucker Biggy Smallz
That's right, bwoy, it's goin' on, right here
Thug Life, God bless the dead

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
God bless the dead and buried, nigga, don't worry
If you see God first, tell him shit got worse
I ain't mad, I know you representin' the crew
And I can picture you in heaven with a blunt and a brew
Fuck the world, pain was a part of the game
If you a baller, money went as quick as it came
My role models gone or they locked in the pen
Straight hustlers caught up in the whirlwind
The other day I thought I seen my homeboy Biggy
Sayin' shit don't stop, nigga, no pity
We all hoods and all we ever had was dreams
Money makin' motherfuckers plot scandalous schemes
In the gutter you learn to have a criminal mind
I was addicted to tryin', never meant to do time
My epitaph will read "was the last of G's"
Kicked the shit to make the white man bleed
God bless the dead

[Hook: 2Pac]
God bless the dead
God bless the dead
God bless the dead
God bless the dead

[Verse 2: 2Pac]
Man, ain't nobody promised me a thang
I been caught up in this game
Ever since I was a little motherfucker wantin' to hang
I can see 'em in my head – pow!
Memories of my nigga but he dead now
Lookin' back in my yearbook
All the years took half my peers, they're stretched for years
And if I die, will they all shed tears?
Two to the dome, leave me alone, let me get my head clear
Paranoia got me lookin' in the mirror
Behind me, life without my 9, I'd rather do the time
See, I'm old enough to know that ain't no justice
[Fuck the police] and all the courts same way they fucked us
And why the hell am I locked in jail?
They let them white boys free, we be shocked as hell
In my mind I can see it comin'
And all the time it's a plot to keep a nigga runnin'
I keep a gun and never run unless I'm comin' at ya
Cry later but for now let's enjoy the laughter
God bless the dead

[Hook: 2Pac]
God bless the dead
God bless the dead
God bless the dead
God bless the dead

[Interlude: 2Pac + Stretch]
Rest in peace to all the motherfuckers that passed too early
All the young motherfuckers that was took in they prime
Real motherfuckin' G's, this one is for you
Yo Stretch, Biggy
Yo Big, this is to you, my nigga
Springfield Hollis Crew, Thug Life, YG'z
Sendin' they respect, ya know what I mean?
You my nigga for life, forever
You're always gonna be with a nigga
No matter what, don't forget that!

[Verse 3: Stretch]
I pray before I go to sleep, "Dear God!"
Say my grace before I start to eat, 'cause times is hard
So I'm droppin' to my knees, "Oh why!"
Why you had to take my nigga with the rock-a-bye?
You had to take a good one, a ghetto hood son, Uzi weighin' a ton
Niggas terrified of drama from the young gun
Hearin' that they did it outta fear don't amaze me
But it's mind-blowin' so I'm flowin' goin' crazy
Slipped, forgot the gun, but he didn't run like a punk
He shoulda had the gauge in the trunk
But spunk is what he had, kid, I'd rather attack Big
Now you 'bout to smell the aftermath of what the mag did
Wannabe suckas wanna test, I'm tellin' you, yes
The teflon's 'bout to rip through your fuckin' vest
Guess who? I'll make a mess of your crew quick
The spirit Biggy Smallz and the thuggin' clique, yeah

[Hook: Stretch]
God bless the dead
God bless the dead
God bless the dead
God bless the deadInterlude :
You gotta understand that when it was in to have a gun and be in the street, my mother gave that up to be in the house and wash the dishes and feed us and put the thoughts in our brains. Because we didn’t get any of that history from any of those soldiers that we lost--we got none of that. They all went to jail, if you can remember. They all went to penitentiaries

Verse 01 2Pac :
Callin' all dogs and phony rap stars
Who think they got me
I'm on some Superman shit now
They shouldn't have shot me
Uh
Cause I'm convinced that my squad is real
And God has blessed me with the power to be hard 2 kill
I got a mind that's full of murderous thoughts
When unleashed
I make them niggas bow
Feel me now or be deceased
I ain't choosing sides
Hell no
Fuck everybody
It's Westside when I ride watch 4 dead bodies
Lyrics are colorful words and anesthetics
Problems are getting worked out faster than calisthenics
I'm bullet proof
Blazed up on top of my man's roof
Hands on a fully AK so what'chu plan to do
Moon motherfuckaz 'til they feel me
It's West Coast nigga fuck New York
Now did everybody hear me?
You shot at my homies now Imma blast
Screamin' Thug Life muthafucka when I pass

Hook:
NY '87
NY '87
NY '87
NY '87

Verse 02 Rakim :
Dance floor's dangerous
Packed in like a briefcase
Rhyth with ral rough rhyme
Beats with deep bass
Girls with tight pants
Maybe they might dance
Tonight if the Rs on the mike
There's a slight chance
The crowd is crucial
M.C.'s grounds are neutral
Now that you're here let me introduce you
Get ready
I'm hard read like graffiti but steady
Science I drop is real heavy
Radiant energy, that'll be the penalty
Touch the third rail on the pain of remedy
The prescription's one every hour
Now it's a HABIT
Ya need another hit from the freestyle fanatic
Attention: follow directions real close
Keep out of reach of children
Beware of overdose
Too many milligram
NO ONE made a iller jam
My rhyme is the rhythm of thoughts
That kill a man
Ideas for the ear to fear
Might split 'im
He'll never forget 'im
He'll rest in peace wit' 'em
At least when he left he'll know what hit 'im
The last breath of the words of death
Was the rhythm
NY '87[Verse 1: 2Pac]
I was so money orientated, initiated as a thug
Fiendin' for wicked adventures, ambitious as I was
Picture a nigga on the verge of livin' insane
I sold my soul for a chance to kick it and bang
Now tell if I'm wrong
But sayin' "Fuck the world" got you deeper in my songs
Drinkin' 'til I earl, spendin' money 'til it's gone
It's the good life - maybe niggas got it goin' on
Now maybe if I died, and came back, wouldn't have to slang crack
Addicted to the game, so obviously we came strapped
Please forgive me for my wicked ways, fuck a bitch
Bad Boy niggas eat a dick a day, bumpin' this
Lord have mercy it's a slaughter
So wicked that my tracks is wettin' niggas like it's water
I learned my lessons as a thug in these wicked ass hood fights
But I'm a baller now, nigga, I live the good life

[Hook: 2Pac]
This is the good life, fuck my foes
God bless the dumb niggas that, trust the hoes
Found a way to stack money guaranteed to rise
And live the good life, 'cause thug niggas don't die
See, we live the good life, fuck my foes
God bless the dumb niggas that, trust these hoes
Found a way to stack money guaranteed to rise
And live the good life, 'cause thug niggas don't die

[Verse 2: Big Syke]
No one knows what the, future holds, for you
Haha, listen closely
They say reach in yo' heart and you'll find your mind
Every day in the streets, got my foresight blind
My after time is narrow, peepin' down the barrel of a foe
Just a nigga or a killer I don't know so
Who makes the call will I fall a victim like the rest?
Slug in the chest, one in the dome and make sure I'm gone
Send me home all alone in these cold streets
In desperation constantly drinkin' and I can't sleep
Neck deep strugglin' tryin' to survive
Some wanna die I wanna stay alive, eyes on the prize
Let me modify this whole region
I declare this sucker duckin' season, give me the reason
Why I should change, into a softie
.. after livin' so loftily
It cost me my soul out of control in a devil's world
Me, my niggas, and my girl - livin' the good life!

[Hook: 2Pac]
We live the good life, fuck my foes
God bless the dumb niggas that, trust these hoes
Found a way to stack money guaranteed to rise
And live the good life, 'cause thug niggas don't die
Uh ha, We live the good life, fuck my foes
God bless the dumb niggas that, trust these hoes
Found a way to stack money guaranteed to rise
And live the good life, 'cause thug niggas don't die

[Verse 3: E.D.I.]
I spend my days and nights not knowin' if, strays in flight
Gon' finally catch me, it's the good life, can you hear me?
Clearly over the edge, soon as I wake up
Last night we off the hook, doin' way too much
But it's the fast lane only, big dealin' big ceilin'
All for the money, some kill some squeal
All for the money, most ain't even real
But we still call 'em homies, now what the fuck is that?
Fake love, fake thugs are, all in the game
I watch 'em all plot and fall while we come up and gain
Outlaw never surrender is the call when you hear us comin'
Bitch nigga get to runnin' 'fore my click get to gunnin'
Still in the midst of all the stress and pain
We still tryin' to get a hold of the game
Livin' that good life

[Hook: 2Pac]
We live the good life, fuck my foes
God bless the dumb niggas that, trust these hoes
Found a way to stack money guaranteed to rise
And live the good life, 'cause thug niggas don't die, uhh
We live the good life, fuck my foes
God bless the dumb niggas that, trust these hoes
Found a way to stack money guaranteed to rise
And live the good life, 'cause thug niggas don't, uhh
We live the good life, fuck my foes
God bless the dumb niggas that, trust these hoes
Found a way to stack money guaranteed to rise
And live the good life, 'cause thug niggas don't die, uhh
This is the good life, fuck my foes
God bless the dumb bitches that, trust these hoes
Found a way to stack money guaranteed to rise
And live the good life, 'cause thug niggas don't die[Verse 1: Daz Dillinger]
You find a MC like me who's strong
Leavin' motherfuckers aborted with no verbal support
And when I command the microphone
I get deadly as Khan, though
With a bear and a snake and a panda, I'm all those
Who can withstand the more power I gain?
And make it possible for me to drop a few to wreck yo' brain
Imagine and keep on wishin' upon a star
Finally realizin' who the fuck we are
When I penetrate, it's been withstandin', faded
Would it be the greatest MC of all-time? When I created rhyme
For the simple fact, when I attack I crush your pride
Our intention to ride, every time, all night
I'm faced with the scars beyond this one bar
For me to put down my guard, I'm faced what I'ma ride
Breakin' in gas with the '68 all day
In-and-out with my pay, I'm soon to count the bodies

[Verse 2: 2Pac]
So mandatory my elevation, my lyrics like orientation
So you can be more familiar with the nigga you facin'
We must be patient, nothin' better than communication
Known to damage and highly flammable, like gas stations
Sorry, I left that ass waitin', no more procrastination
Give up to fate and get that ass shakin'
I'm bustin' and makin' motherfuckers panic
Don't take your life for granted
Put that ass in the dirt, you swear the bitch was planted
My lyrics motivate the planet
It's similar to "Rhythm Nation", but thugged out, forgive me, Janet
Who's in control? I'm activatin' your souls
You know the way the games gettin' told
Yo, two years ago, a friend of mine
Told me Alizé and Cristal blows your mind
Bear witness to the dopest fuckin' rhyme I wrote
Takin' off my coat, clearin' my throat

[Chorus: Method Man]
I got my mind made up, come on
Get in, get into
Let it ride, tonight's the night
I got my mind made up, come on
Get in, get into
Let it ride, tonight's the night

[Verse 3: Kurupt]
Well, I comes through with two packs of the bomb prophylacs
For protection, so my fuckin' sack won't collapse
'Cause nowadays, shit's evadin' the X-rays
Sendin' young motherfuckers to an early grave
I wonder if my terrifyin' tactics of torturin' MCs
Shows my heart's as cold as the tundra
Electrifyin' like thunder, I'm just too much
Rough and raw with that motherfuckin' poisonous touch
I'm an MC with lyrics that's the fuckin' Bombay
You got ten steps before instant death like Bai Mei
My rhymes'll leave a mark on your mind
As the deadly virus spread through your head like Sand Palm
There's no escape, nah, I ain't blastin'
I use my mental to assassinate assassins for those askin'
Opposed to laughin', raw maniacal villain
Laughter enhances the chances of the killin'
Why is that? 'Cause smilin' faces deceive
You best believe: to MCs, I'm the deadliest disease
My thoughts rip your throat and make it hard to breathe
Your whole camp's under siege, and I'm Jason Voorhees
In the heat of the night is when I defeat and ignite mics
My verbal snipe your vocabs on site
I'm out the cut, uncut and raw with no clause for all
So all my rhymes hit and split the bricks on the wall
You already have an idea about the superior sphere
The greater rhyme creator on both sides of the Equator
I rock from here to there, to Philly and back
To L.A., on the spot where I rock and bust like straps
As your views get overshadowed when you come in contact
Beware, set and prepare to enter verbal combat

[Verse 4: Method Man]
Fuck you losers!
While you fake jacks, I makes maneuvers
Like Hitler stickin' up (Jews) with German (Lugers)
The mister Meth-Tical from Staten Isle
Will be back after this message, don't touch the dial
Rarely do you see an MC out for justice
Got my gun powder and my musket—blaow!
Melons get swellings, I paint mental pictures like Magellan
Half of my clan's repeat felons
Niggas best protect they joints for nine-nickels
Man, I stay on point like icicles
Now, who wanna test Tical, the tes-ticals
All up in your motherfuckin' mouth
Headbanger boogie, catch me on tour with Al Doogie
Method Man rolled too tight, you can't pull me
Better take one and pass or that's that ass
Your vital statistics are low and fallin' fast
Johnny Blaze out to get loot like Johnny Cash
Play a game of Russian Roulette and have a blast

[Verse 5: Redman]
Ayo, lyrical gat spittin' the criminal tactics
Non-believers get my dick and genitals backwards
Let's face it, there's no replacement
Taste this mad underground basement shit I'm laced with
Avalanche on your whole camp when I'm splifted
Funk Doctor, who? Spock, bitch, don't get it twisted
I got connects like Federal Express
To get the fresh package of bless the dogs can't fetch
Got the clear spot from the rear block
To bust 'til every nigga here drop, men, I fear not
Hold your nose and blow out 'til your ears pop
Since your crew suit you to shift
Now, you claim that your gears locked
Whiff this underground cannabis
I'm dangerous like John the Bomb Analyst
Flip MCs like ki's
My degrees freeze consecutively, like EPMD LPs
Lick off a shot and hit your fam by mistake
So I erase the whole front row at the wake
I planned my escape in case Jake wanna snake
Bust it, I'm the one pushin' the hearse, in the first place
Confidence for you shaky-ass folks
Pump for Rockafella for the day he got smoked
Choke off this antidote, got you ope
Get roast by my lyrical Billy Dee .45 Colt
(And I'm out for nine-nickel)

[Outro: Inspectah Deck]
I-N-S the Rebel[Daz Dillinger]
You find an MC like me who's strong
Leavin motherfuckers aborted, with no verbal support
And when I command the microphone I get deadly as Khan though
With a bear and a snake and a panda, I'm on those
Who can withstand, the more power I gain
And make it possible for me to drop a few to wreck ya brain
Imagine and keep on wishin upon a star
Finally realizing who the fuck we are
When I penetrate, it's been withstandin, faded
Would it be the greatest MC of all time
When I created rhyme for the simple fact
When I attack I crush your pride
My intention to ride, every time all night
I'm faced with the scars beyond this one bar
For me to put down my guard, I'm faced with it, I'm a ride
Breakin in gas with the six-eight all day
In and out with my pay
I'm soon to count the bodies

[2Pac]
So mandatory my elevation my lyrics like orientation
So you can be more familiar with tha nigga you facing
We must be based on nothin better than communication
Known to damage and highly flamable like gas stations
Sorry I left that ass waitin
No more procrastination give up to fate, and get that ass shakin
I'm bustin and makin motherfuckers panic
Don't take ya life for granted put that ass in the dirt
You swear the bitch was planted
My lyrics motivate the planet
It's similar to Rhythm Nation
But thugged out, forgive me Janet
Who's in control I'm acvtivatin yo souls
You know, the way the games get controlled
Yo, two years ago, a friend of mine
Told me Alize and Cristal blows your mind
Bear witness to the dopest fuckin rhyme I wrote
Takin off my coat, clearing my throat

[Chorus: Method Man]
I got my mind made up, come on... (come on)
Get in get in too (get on it)
Let it ride (get wit it) tonight's tha night
I got my mind made up, come on...
Get in get in too
Let it ride... tonight's tha night

[Kurupt]
Well I comes through with two packs
Of the bomb prophalaks for protection
So my fuckin sac won't collapse
Cause nowaday's, shit's evading the x-rays
Sending young motherfuckers to an early grave
I wonder, if my terrifying tactics of torturing MC's
Shows my heart's as cold as the tundra
Electryfing like thunder, I'm just too much
Rough and raw with that motherfuckin poisonous touch
I'm an MC with lyrics that's tha fuckin bom-bay
Ya got dissed, that's before it's ingest like balmay
My rhymes, I leave a mark on ya mind
As the deadly vibes spread through ya head like sand pine
There's no escape, nah I ain't blastin
I use my mental to assassinate assassin's for those askin
Opposed to laughin, raw maniacal villian
Laughter enhances the chances of tha killin
Why is that?  Cuz smilin faces decieve
You best believe, to MC's I'm the deadliest disease
My thoughts rip ya throat and make it hard to breathe
Ya whole camp's under seige, and I'm Jason Vorhees
In the heat of the night is when I defeat and ignite mikes
My verbal snipe, your vocab on site
I'm out tha cut, uncut and raw with no clause for all
So all my rhymes hit and split tha bricks on the wall
Ya already have an idea about tha superior sphere
The greater rhyme creator on both sides of tha equator
I rock from here to there, to Philly and back
To LA on the spot where I rock and bust like straps
As your views get overshadowed when you come in contact
Beware, set and prepare to enter verbal combat

[Method Man]
Fuck you losers, while you fake jacks I makes maneuvers
Like Hitler, stickin up *Jews* wit German *lugers*
The Mr. Meth-Tical from Staten Isle
Will be back after this mess-age don't touch tha dial
Rarely do you see an MC out for justice
Got my gun powder and my musket -- blaooow!!
Melons get swellings, I paint mental pictures like Magellen
Half of my Clan's three deep felons
Niggas best protect they joints for Nine-Nickel
Man I stay on point like icicles
Now who wanna test Tical then touch Tical
All up in your motherfuckin mouth
Head banger boogie
Catch me on tour with Al Doogie
Method Man roll too tight, you can pull me
Better take one and pass or that's that ass
Your vital statistics are low and fallin fast
Johnny Blaze out to get loot like Johnny Cash
Play a game of Russian Roulette and have a blast

[Redman]
Aiyyo, lyrical gas spittin tha criminal tactics
Non-believers get my dick and genitals backwards
Let's face it, there's no replacement
Taste this, mad underground basement, shit I'm laced with
Avalanche on ya whole camp when I'm splifted
Funk Doctor who? Spock bitch don't get it twisted
I got connects like Federal Express
To get the fresh package of bless, tha dogs can't fetch
Got the clear spot from tha rear block
To bust til every nigga here drop, men I fear not
Hold ya nose and blow out til ya ears pop
Since ya crew suit you to shift now you claim that you get's lot
With, this underground cannabis
I'm dangerous like John the bomb analyst
Then proceeds like keys
My degrees freeze consecutively like EPMD LP's
Lick off a shot and hit ya fam by mistake
So I erase the whole front row at the wake
I planned my escape in case jake or a snake bust it
I'm the one pushin the hearse in the first place
Confidence for you shaky ass folks
Pump for Rockafella for the day he got smoked
Choke, off this anecdote got you ope
Get roast, by my lyrics Billy Dee .45 Colt
And I'm out for nine nickel

[Inspectah Deck]
I set the mic in flames, my name's INS the Rebel
Murder one style, smash piles straight to pebbles
Mental terrorist, specialist at this
Menacing lyricst, leave crews defenseless
Can't design landmines, lick off like nines
To paralyze everything, ears ring like doorknobs
Heads start to turn like police who pass
Hear the blast, my crew bust through like tear gas
Fuck a mask, we laced in place like the marshall
Sparkle, like live but harder than tarvue
Wreck this rhyme, start relentless, roughest
And fuck up the party for you paying motherfuckers
Once I commence for you ladies and gents
I kick rhymes, sharper than barbwire fence
The live and direct, from Killah Hill Project
Staten Island, New York, you can't help but to hawk
Lay it on your dental, that's if you want it hostile
Sounds so underground I write my rhymes on fossil
Dudes like this, force me to get you open
Lyrically wet you open, until you soakingIt would be like a panther
asking a panther hunter
4 some meat, all
High school dropouts R not DUMB
All unemployed aren't lazy
and there R many days I hunger
But I would go hungry and homeless
Before the American Government gets my soul[Samples]
"I grabbed the mic and try to say, 'yes, y'all' "
(Starin' at the world through my rearview​​​)
(​​"Somebody in the house say YEAH!")
"I grabbed the mic and try to say, 'yes, y'all' "
​​(Starin' at the world through my rearview​​​)
(​​​"Tick tock ya don't stop")
​"I grabbed the mic and try to say, 'yes, y'all' "
(Got me starin' at the world through my rearview​​​)
​("Somebody in the house say YEAH!")
"I grabbed the mic and try to say, 'yes, y'all' "
​​​"Tick tock ya don't stop"

[Verse 1]
Nobody thought I'd make it, the world called me loser
Just a high school dropout, young drug abuser
Mama told me there'd be days like this, I never listened
Spent my childhood years in my neighborhood prison
The world don't give a fuck about the kids
I can see from the poverty and the evil shit they did
To my young nation
Participation, more hesitation could turn lethal
When ain't no love for a young nigga, he turn evil
And burn people with no hope, there's no peace
So all my niggas start regulatin' on your streets
Bustin' the neighborhood scatters, another drug war
There ain't no truce or negotiatin' with thug lords
Tried conversatin' but he won't listen
He said the world is a livin' hell for God's children
Picture him still in the pen', doin' life plus two
While I'm starin' at the world through my rearview

[Samples]
"I grabbed the mic and try to say, 'yes, y'all' "
(Starin' at the world through my rearview​​​)
(​​"Somebody in the house say YEAH!")
"I grabbed the mic and try to say, 'yes, y'all' "
​​(Starin' at the world through my rearview​​​)
(​​​​​​"Tick tock ya don't stop")

[Verse 2]
It's clearer now, 'cause I'm a noted individual
Plus I'm a Don, not just a small time criminal
Times have changed, homies died, only lives remain
Massive amounts of narcotics help me hide the pain
Wishin' on Benz, came up on a Jag
Then got it out for the quiet times, reflect on the past
All my homeboys that didn't make it, for you I'll do it
'member back in the days as young truants
HUH! tellin' me to beware
Because you cared and helped me to be prepared
Cemetery full of homies no longer here
But what about the babies, lost in watchin' burglars
Too dumb to be a dealer, too young to be a murderer
I'm beggin' you God, don't make their lives too hard
They're already scarred, too doped up to see the stars
We're livin' to die, everybody is high, plus I'm high too
Starin' at the world through my rearview HUH!

[Samples]
"I grabbed the mic and try to say, 'yes, y'all' "
(Got me starin' at the world through my rearview​​​)
(​​"Somebody in the house say YEAH!")
"I grabbed the mic and try to say, 'yes, y'all' "
​​(Starin' at the world through my rearview​​​)
(​​​"Tick tock ya don't stop")
​"I grabbed the mic and try to say, 'yes, y'all' "
​"Somebody in the house say YEAH!"

[Verse 3]
Pictures are plenty, handlin' semi, sippin' Henny
I hustle for pennies, know my own feared by many
I watched and took notes as a child I strategized
Witnessin' crack dealings and drug killings have scattered lives
Niggas don't know me but they think
That we could be closer than homies
Nigga you're phoney so quit buyin' drinks
Mind on my money, you're funny, you're about my currency
Niggas don't wanna see me
Shootin', but they ain't worry me, livin' to tell
Prison is hell for a nigga, they're usin' my bail
Built bigger jails for a nigga
Father I'm feelin' tired, forgive me, 'cause I'm a sinner
Livin' life as a thug, while duckin' cops and the criminals
Homies is dead and buried, past times are gone
You ask why I drink liquor? 'Cause my mind is gone
And if I die, then let me watch what we been through
Starin' at the world through my rearview HUH!

[Samples]
(Starin' at the world through my rearview​​​)
(​​"Somebody in the house say YEAH!")
"I grabbed the mic and try to say, 'yes, y'all' "
​​They caught me starin' at the world through my rearview​​​
"I grabbed the mic and try to say, 'yes, y'all' "
​​​"Tick tock ya don't stop"
"I grabbed the mic and try to say, 'yes, y'all' "​
"Somebody in the house say YEAH!"
"I grabbed the mic and try to say, 'yes, y'all' "
​​​"Tick tock ya don't stop"
"I grabbed the mic and try to say, 'yes, y'all' "
"Somebody in the house say YEAH!"
"I grabbed the mic and try to say, 'yes, y'all' "​
​​​"Tick tock ya don't stop"
"I grabbed the mic and try to say, 'yes, y'all' "
"Somebody in the house say YEAH!"
"I grabbed the mic and try to say, 'yes, y'all' "
​​​"Tick tock ya don't stop"
"I grabbed the mic and try to say, 'yes, y'all' "
"Somebody in the house say YEAH!"
"I grabbed the mic and try to say, 'yes, y'all' "
​​​"Tick tock ya don't stop"

[Collision]
Starin' at the world through my motherfucking rearview
Peep what a nigga trying to say; recognize that a nigga done did it all
And seen it all and got shit to say to the motherfuckers
That ain't seen shit and did shit yet
Peep game, look you little young motherfuckers
Stop running your heads up against brick walls
These old niggas got something for you nigga you better listen
Gotta get your over that hump, you know?
You got to get over the humps ha ha
Staring at the world through my motherfucking rearview
That's right baby, Thug life, West Side
Death Row, Outlawz, you know what time it is
Staring at the world through my rearview HUH!
They got me staring at the world through my rearview
Aight

[Samples]
"I grabbed the mic and try to say, 'yes, y'all' "
"Somebody in the house say YEAH!"
"I grabbed the mic and try to say, 'yes, y'all' "
​​​"Tick tock ya don't stop"
"I grabbed the mic and try to say, 'yes, y'all' "
"I grabbed the mic and try to say, 'yes, y'all' "
​​​"Tick tock ya don't stop"
"I grabbed the mic and try to say, 'yes, y'all' "​[Intro]
Guess who's back?

[Verse 1]
Drop the drums, here it comes, only got
Two minutes to bounce, and every second counts
Better press REC on your deck
Here we go, set? Pass the Moët
My trickery's more slippery when wet
Wicked as I flip, don't trip, get a grip
It'll kick, if the bass line's thick, it's a hit
Everybody's got a mic now, it's like a hobby
But more like a job, cause bootleggers tryin' to rob me!
And little man wants to be a rap, star
Make papes, hit skins, drive a fat car
It ain't easy, sleazy even
Deceivin those we believe in
No benefits, just tricks and chicks
Knock a pig to pick, so here's a stick to lick
I shoot a gift, til there ain't none left
And if I find that the track sound def
I catch wreck till I lose my breath
That's how it goes in the land of broke
I dispose of those, rock shows, and collect my dough
Now I suppose I'm the bad guy, why?
I say, "Hi," and try to stay high
Life's a mess don't stress, test
Of givin but be thankful that you're livin, blessed
Guess who's back, comin back with the track supplied
By Special Ed and Ak, comin right and exact
I'm fightin it back but now I snap, where they at?
When it's time to go to combat, guess who's back

[Hook]
"Yes I'm back"
"2Pac is" .. back!!
"Yes I'm back"
"2Pac is" .. back!!
"Yes I'm back"
"2Pac is" .. back!!
"Yes I'm back"
"2Pac is" .. back!!

[Verse 2]
Drop the drums, here it comes, only got
One minute to bounce, and every second counts
I went from hustlin dicks to makin hits, bustin flicks
Now I'm sure to be rich for ninety-six
I pull my 'capes on tapes, and make, papes
Trace the bass, to the tape with the baddest bass to date
I try to shake it but the pace is hard to break
Good thoughts I wait, cause they hate my black tape
Yeah, it's on, and it's packed in the rap race
But if ya got a black face, it's a rat race
I struggle to be rugged and raw, Dukes
Tryin to survive in the trials and lawsuits
Everybody wants to test me, WHY ME?
No lie, niggas cried when they try me
Givin up the roughness, justice
I'mma bust as I'm rippin up 'nuff hits
And guess who's back? No longer trapped
Cause I snapped on the ones that held me back, feel the contact
Ride the track, get a grip as I flip
Ghetto wickedness I kick. Guess who's back?

[Hook]
"Yes I'm back"
"2Pac is" .. back!!
"Yes I'm back"
"2Pac is" .. back!!
"Yes I'm back"
"2Pac is" .. back!!
"Yes I'm back"
"2Pac is" .. back!!
"Yes I'm back"
"2Pac is" .. back!!
"Yes I'm back"
"2Pac is" .. back!!

[Outro]
"Yes I'm back, cause I never did front"[Segue from "Bomb First"]

[Intro: 2Pac]
Makaveli in this, Killuminati
All through your body (All through your body)
The blow is like a 12-Gauge shotty (Uh) feel me!
(Come with me Hail Mary, nigga, run quick, see)
And God said he should send his one begotten son
(What do we have here now Do you wanna ride or die)
To lead the wild into the ways of the man
Follow me! (La la-da-la la la la la)
Eat my flesh, flesh of my flesh!

[Chorus: 2Pac]
Come with me!
Hail Mary, nigga, run quick, see
What do we have here now?
Do you wanna ride or die?
La la-da-la la la la la

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
I ain't a killer, but don't push me
Revenge is like the sweetest joy next to gettin' pussy
Picture paragraphs unloaded, wise words bein' quoted
Peeped the weakness in the rap game and sewed it
Bow down, pray to God, hopin' that he's listenin'
Seein' niggas comin' for me and my diamonds when they glistenin'
Now pay attention: bless me please, Father, I'm a ghost
In these killing fields, Hail Mary, catch me if I go
Let's go deep inside the solitary mind of a madman
Screams in the dark, evil lurks, enemies see me flee
Activate my hate, let it break to the flame
Set trip, empty out my clip, never stop to aim
Some say the game is all corrupt and fucked in this shit
Stuck, niggas is lucky if we bust out this shit
Plus, Mama told me never stop until I bust a nut
Fuck the world if they can't adjust, it's just as well, Hail Mary

[Chorus: 2Pac]
Come with me!
Hail Mary, nigga, run quick, see
What do we have here now?
Do you wanna ride or die?
La, da-da, da, da, da-da, da
Come with me!
Hail Mary, nigga, run quick, see
What do we have here now?
Do you wanna ride or die?
La, da-da, da, da, da-da, da

[Verse 2: 2Pac]
Penitentiaries is packed with promise-makers
Never realize the precious time that bitch niggas is wastin'
Institutionalized, I live my life a product made to crumble
But too hardened for a smile, we're too crazy to be humble
We ballin', catch me, Father, please
‘Cause I'm fallin' in the liquor store
Pass the Hennessy, I hear you callin', can I get some more?
Hell, 'til I reach Hell, I ain't scared
Mama checkin' in my bedroom, I ain't there
I got a head with no screws in it, what can I do?
One life to live, but I got nothin' to lose
Just me and you on a one-way trip to prison, sellin' drugs
We all wrapped up in this livin', life as thugs
To my homeboys in Clinton Max doin' their bid
Raise hell to this real shit and feel this
When they turn out the lights, I'll be there in the dark
Thuggin' eternal through my heart
Now hail Mary, nigga!

[Chorus: 2Pac]
Come with me!
Hail Mary, nigga, run quick, see
What do we have here now?
Do you wanna ride or die?
La, da-da, da, da, da-da, da
Come with me!
Hail Mary, nigga, run quick, see
What do we have here now?
Do you wanna ride or die?
La, da-da, da, da, da-da, da

[Verse 3: Kastro]
They got a A-P-B out on my thug family
Since Outlawz run these streets like these scandalous freaks
Our enemies die now, walk around half-dead
Head down, K-blasted off of Hennessy and Thai Chronic
Mixed in, now I'm twisted, blistered and high
Visions of me thug-livin' gettin' me by
Forever live, and I multiply, survived by thugs
When I die they won't cry unless they comin' with slugs

[Verse 4: Young Noble]
Peep the whole scene and whatever's goin' on around me
Brain kind of cloudy, smoked out, feelin' rowdy
Ready to wet the party up
And whoever in that motherfucker, nasty new street slugger
My heat seeks suckers on the regular
Mashin' in a stolen Black Ac' Integra
Cocked back, sixty seconds 'til the draw, that's when I'm deadin' ya
Feet first, you've got a nice Gat but my heat's worse
From a thug to preachin' church
I gave you love, now you eatin' dirt
Needin' work, and I ain't the nigga to put you on
‘Cause word is bond
When I was broke, I had to hustle 'til dawn
That's when the sun came up, there's only one way up
Hold your head and stay up
To all my niggas, get your pay and weight up

[Bridge: Kadafi]
If it's on, then it's on, we rape beat-breaks
Outlawz on a paper chase, can you relate?
To this shit I don't got be the shit I gotta take
Dealin' with fate, hopin' God don't close the gate
If it's on, then it's on, we rape beat-breaks
Outlawz on a paper chase, can you relate?
To this shit I don't got be the shit I gotta take
Dealin' with fate, hopin' God don't close the gate

[Chorus: 2Pac & Prince Ital Joe]
Come with me!
Hail Mary, nigga, run quick, see
What do we have here now?
Do you wanna ride or die?
We've been travelin' on this weary road
Sometimes life can be a heavy load
But we ride, ride it like a bullet
Hail Mary, hail Mary
We won't worry, everything will curry
Free like the bird in the tree
We won't worry, everything will curry
Yes, we free like the bird in the tree
We runnin' from the penitentiary
This is the time for we liberty
Hail Mary, hail Mary!

[Outro: 2Pac]
Westside, Outlawz
Makaveli the Don, solo
Killuminati, The 7 Days[Intro: 2Pac]
Home man.. hey.. (what's up) let's turn this house into a happy home
This for all the homeboys that couldn't get they happy home
Let's turn this house into a happy home
Long as one of us got it, some of us got it
Let's turn this house into a happy home
You know how that is, stay down for mine
Outlaw.. look

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Now we've been kickin' it for quite some time
Remained beside me through my trials in this life of crime
We done fought so many times I forgot to count
I never hit you, not a coward, rather leave your house
Remember back in December when we was tight?
Sippin' Alize and Cristal, whylin' every night - in my bedroom!
Promised that I commit to you soon
Tongue-kissed me every time you seen me step inside a room
Straight out the hood
We promised to be good to each other, plus I love you
So I know you gon' make a good mother
Just try to understand if I change in time
It's only 'cause I never owned anything that's mine
So I'm tryin you can stay with my momma but keep the drama to a low
Never call the police, I never call you bitch or ho'
We were all born hungry in this world alone
Finally moved out my mom's house, and got a happy home

[Hook: Singer & (2Pac)]
Ha..ppy.. home..
(let's turn this house into a happy home)
Ha..ppy.. home..
(finally made it out my mom's house, got a happy home)
Ha..ppy.. home..
(turn this house into a happy home)
Ha..ppy.. home..

[Verse 2: 2Pac]
Born through hard times, ghetto child of mine
I wonder if you have to suffer for your father's crimes
To be honest it's a hard road
Just keep your faith in God, knowin' you'll get scarred though
Look at him walkin' and talkin', a lil' child with my eyes and mouth
Father watch over lil' seeds, help me guide them out
Had to change my whole lifestyle, married my baby's momma
Made her my wife now, I'm tryin' hard y'all
Maybe in time I'll be a better man
Watchin' the older couples, handle it like veterans
Show me the meanin' of forever and together we rise
If it would help our child grow, then together we'd die
Why - question my love, it's so easy to see
Without my family all I'm left with is a shadow of me
After all the arguments, and the nights alone
Now it's time to live the good life, inside a happy home

[Hook: Singer & (2Pac)]
Ha..ppy.. home..
(turn this house into a happy home)
Ha..ppy.. home..
(finally got to live the good life inside a happy home)
Ha..ppy.. home..
(turn this house into a happy home)
Ha..ppy.. home..
(Happy home)

[Singer & (2Pac)]
All these problems got me goin
We got a family, of our own
I just wanna happy home
(turn this house into a happy home)
No man's made to stand alone
I promise I won't do you wrong
I just want a happy home
(finally made it out my mom's house, got a happy home)

[Hook: Singer & (2Pac)]
Ha..ppy.. home..
(turn this house into a happy home)
Ha..ppy.. home..
(finally got to live the good life inside a happy home)
Ha..ppy.. home..
(turn this house into a happy home)
Ha..ppy.. home..
(finally made it out my mom's house, got a happy home)..
Happy home..
(Hey, haha, turn this house into a happy home)
(Long as one of us got it, some of us got it)
(Turn this house into a happy home)[2Pac]
I'll be on North side
Keepin' my peace back in my piece
Smokin' sense
To deal with this inner city stress
I know I'm blessed
But these demons are out to curse me
Do anything that they can
To try and hurt me
Good Lord whatever happened
To compassion and brotherly love
Cause now there's hate in every action
I try to maintain
Be a player in this game
But I seem to keep losin'
Maybe it's the strategy I'm usin'
Or maybe it's the friends that I'm choosin'
Jealous associates
Guarantee to cause confusion
Is it your goal to hide truth?
It's an illusion, develop my trust
Then leave me stranded in the bust
I feel like pullin' out my gun
And bustin' on these fakers
Two bit punks, perpetrators
And player haters
But I gots to keep my eyes
On the prize
Watch me bubble like champagne niggas
Watch me Rise
Beyond haters

[Lucky Luciano]
I try to escape but everywhere I go to try and keep my focus
But a world without hatred, is like the projects without roses
No matter how high I get I can't escape the sense of it
And all you hatred ass haters always making me sick
I'm trying to find a place where I can go where hatred ain't allowed
To show everybody about money, and they all try and blow
I'm trying to find a place, where ain't no hating allowed
But I'mm always seeing them faces and hearing them haters screaming out loud
It's an average night and I got my windows rolled up tight
Blowing Mo out the sunroof and not a hater in sight
But I'mma keep my third eye open cause I know them haters gonna be waiting
To catch me at the light with hopes that they can leave me open
Preposition be the past but I know caskets still blast
So I'mma lean back in my seat so I can't be seen through the glass
It ain't nuttin' to hold me dawg but I got to watch out for
9 times out of 10 if it's [?????]
And I know so I'm careful on who I run with
I ain't got no time to be combined in no scandalous ass shit
But everywhere I go I'm hearing what sounds like shot from a 44
Blasting on drivers side door
My niggas who sniff too much snow
And me I'm just trying to flow
Separate my friends with my foes
And only fuck with niggas who understand the mind [???]
So everywhere I go I try to stay completely separated from those with Hearts full of hatred for anybody that makes it[Intro]
Hey, Suge, what I tell you, nigga?
When I come out of jail, what I was gonna do?
I was gonna start diggin' into these niggas' chest, right?
Heh, watch this!
Hey, Quik, let me see them binoculars, nigga, the binoculars!
Hahahahaha! Yeah, nigga, time to ride!
Grab your bulletproof vest, nigga
'Cause it's gonna be a long one
Now, me and Quik finna show you niggas
What it's like on this side—the real side
Now, on this ride there's gonna be some real motherfuckers
And there's gonna be some pussies
Now, the real niggas gonna be the ones with money and bitches
The pussies gonna be the niggas on the floor bleedin'
Now, everybody keep your eyes on the prize
'Cause the ride get tricky
See, you got some niggas on your side
That say they're your friends, but, in real life, they your enemies
And then you got some motherfuckers that say they your enemies
But in real life, they eyes is on your money
See, the enemies will say they true
But in real life, those niggas will be snitches
It's a dirty game, y'all
Y'all gotta be careful about who you fuck with
And who you don't fuck with, 'cause the shit get wild, y'all
Keep your mind on your riches, baby
Keep your mind on your riches

[Verse 1]
9-1-1, it's an emergency, cowards tried to murder me
From hood to the 'burbs, every one of you niggas heard of me
Shit, I'm legendary, niggas scaried and paralyzed
Nothin' more I despise than a liar, cowards die
My mama told me when I was a seed
Just a vicious motherfucker, why these devils left me free?
I proceed to make 'em shiver when I deliver
Criminal lyrics from a worldwide mob figure
Thug niggas from everywhere, Mr. Makaveli
Niggas is waitin' for some thug shit, that's what they tell me
So many rumors, but I'm infinite, Immortal Outlaw
Switchin' up on you ordinary bitches like a southpaw: you get left
And every breath I breathe until the moment I'm deceased
Will be another moment ballin' as a G
I rip the crowd, then I start again, eternally, I live in sin
Until the moment that they let me breathe again
The hearts of men

[Chorus]
The hearts of men

[Verse 2]
My lyrical verge with so much pain, to some niggas, it hurts
My guns bust, if you ain't one of us, it gets worse
Bitch niggas get their eyes swoll in fly mode
I'm a homicidal outlaw, and five-o
Get your lights on, the fight's on
Tonight's gonna be a fuckin' fight so we might roll
My own homies say I'm heartless
But I'm a G to this until the day I'm gone, that's regardless
Ride by, niggas bow down, thought I'd rot in jail
Paid bail, well, a nigga's out now
Throw up your hands if you thugged out
First nigga act up, first nigga gettin' drugged out
I can be a villain if you let me
A motherfucker if you do upset me
Tell the cops to come and get me
Rip the crowd like a phone number, then start again
Don't have no motherfuckin' friends
Nigga, look inside the hearts of men

[Chorus]
In the hearts of men

[Verse 3]
To all my niggas engaged in makin' money in the fifty states
Keep your mind on your chips and fuck a punk bitch
No longer livin' in fear, my pistol close in hand
Convinced that this is my year like I'm the chosen man
Give me my money and label me as a don
If niggas is havin' problems, open fire and bomb
I died and came back, I hustle with these lyrics
As if it's a game of crack, thuggin' is in my spirit
I'm lost and not knowin'
Scarred up but still flowin', energized and still goin'
Uhh, can it be fate, that makes a sick motherfucker break
On these jealous-ass cowards 'cause they evil and fake?
What will it take? Give me that bass line, I'm feelin' bomb
Death Row, baby, don't be alarmed
The homie Quik gave a nigga a beat and let me start again
Represent, 'cause I've been sent, the hearts of men[Intro]
Heaven ain't hard to find
All you gotta do is look

[Verse 1]
Simply because you nervous, let me start off with my conversation
Hopin' my information, alleviates the hesitation
I can see it clearly now
Catch you smilin' through your frown
I'm askin' baby boo are you down
Although I know you've heard about my reputation
Across the nation, Mr. I-get-around
My temptation got me drippin' wet, perspiration
I'm activated by the moves you're makin'
Baby why you fakin'? Strip naked get to love makin'
See it's all in your mind, so every time I sip a glass of wine
I fantasize 'til that ass is mine
Never gettin' but wantin', never touchin' but wishin'
A straight thug on a mission, until I get what I'm missin'
Stop with the beeper, baby, listen
I know you're grown but pay attention
Let me hypnotize with my tongue kissin'
This is a message to bomb bodies and all dimes
Turn around one more time, heaven ain't hard to find

[Chorus: Danny Boy & 2Pac]
Hea-ven!!
Heaven ain't hard to find
Heaven ain't hard to find

[Verse 2]
Heaven ain't hard to find
In fact you can have it just have faith
Just like a little kid, still believin' in magic
It takes a lot of sacrifice
With all the lonely nights on tour
I need somebody I can trust in my life
Let me apply the brakes
Baby, you're movin' to fast
My conversations are gettin' deeper, but first let me ask
Are you afraid of a thug?
And have you ever made love
With candles and bubbles sippin' in your tub?
Touch me and let me activate your blood pressure
This thug passion help the average man love better
Picture me naked and glistenin' beneath the moonlight mist
Take a shot of that Alizé, come give me a kiss
And maybe we can be better friends, perhaps we'll be closer
I'll be the thug in your life, baby, and you'll be my soldier
And I know it takes some time and you got a lot of questions on your mind
But relax, in due time
Heaven ain't hard to find

[Chorus: Danny Boy & 2Pac]
Hea-ven!!
Heaven ain't hard to find
Hea-ven!!, it ain't hard to find

[Verse 3]
You think we all dogs, that's why you cautious when I approached you
Been talkin' since you arrived, but not a word is spoken
Through my eye contact I wink and you respond back
Lookin' mean, what's all that?
It's like the closer you get
Baby, the quicker I'm speakin'
I got a flight out to Cabo
Let's kick it this weekend
I'm sippin' Hennessy and Coke
Though addicted to weed smoke
I'm fiendin' for your body even mo'
Oh God, help me, identify me truest thoughts
Your hidden motives full of passion
Who would have thought?
Come holler at me baby, love me for my thug nature
Far from a playa hater, label me a money maker
Straight heart breaker
Baby we can be friends, I can soup you in my Benz
We'll ride, I'll let you floss it for your friends
Once we begin
Until the end, it gets better with time
I'm makin' love to your mind, baby
Heaven ain't hard to find

[Outro/Chorus: Danny Boy & 2Pac]
Hea-ven!!, Hea-ven, it ain't hard to find
Heaven ain't hard to find
Heaven ain't hard to find nice glass of Alize
Hea-ven!!!, Hea-ven!!! Hea-ven, Heaven
Hea-ven!!! it ain't hard to find
..hea-ven!! heaven
It ain't hard to find
It ain't hard to find
It ain't hard to find[Intro: Lady Levi]
Oh, you Thug Life is yours?
Life ain't no something you can rap with
Ooh come no ordinary game
The game no something you can rap with
Me's a player you know?
I do not, play in no game
Me just, make money, dollars..
Every time, seen?

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Now how can I explain how this game laced me, plus with this fame
I got enemies do anything to break me, my attitude changed
Got to the point where I was driven, twenty-four seven
Money's my mission, just a nigga tryna make a livin'
These busta tricks don't want no mail
They spendin' they riches on scandalous bitches, who'll stay petrified in jail
It's hell, plus all the dealers want a meal ticket
Jealous-ass bitches, player-hatin' but we still kick it
Always keep my eyes on the prize, watch the police
Seen so much murder, neighborhoods gettin' no sleep
But still, I get my money on major, continuously
Communicatin' through my pager, niggas know me
Don't have no homies since they jealous, I hustle solo
Cause when I'm broke I got no time for the fellas listen
Ain't nothin' poppin' 'bout no broke nigga, I ain't no joke
Fuck what they say and get your dough nigga
Heavy in the game

[Ad-libs: Lady Levi & (Eboni Foster)]
(Game's been good to me)
Who the bumba clat him a come try take mine?
Oh, me see you rushin' up (Game's been good to me)
I throw I'm blood claat P.M. to A.M
All, all the bumba come ya take dis ting
For ya take dis ting for joke?
Oh, that's right (I don't care what it did to them
The game's been good to me)

[Verse 2: Richie Rich]
(Well let me shoot some of this how heavy type of shit)
Certain niggas wanna stick to the game, you's a trick to the game
Waitin' upon your turn, son when will you learn?
Ain't no turns given, niggas be twistin' and takin' shit
Puttin' they sack down, then puttin' they mack down
Me myself I hustle with finesse yes I'm an Oakland baller
Rule number one: check game, and fo' sho' you gon' respect game
Be your own nigga meanin' buy your own dope
Cause that front shit is punk shit, something I never funked with
Be true to this game and this game will be true to you
That's real shit; disrespect, see what this here do to you
That jackin' and robbin', despisin' your homie
Ain't healthy, niggas be endin' up dead 'fore they get wealthy
But not me though, I'm sewin' somethin' major
So what I reap is boss -- that's why my public status is floss
Went from a, young nigga livin' residential
To a, young nigga workin' presidential

[Ad-libs: Lady Levi & (Eboni Foster)]
(Game's been good to me)
Me nigga Tu-pac always look good
You know that's true I'm look good every time
Ooh, pussy war?, step up (Game's been good to me)
Can yi know I'm serving up blood claat
Playing yi fucking games
Ooh, we take game, we won!
(I don't care what it did to them)
Any by now
(The game's been good to me)
All, yi haffa forget fi we won!
Every time

[Verse 3: 2Pac]
I'm just a young black male, cursed since my birth
Had to turn to crack sales, if worse come to worse
Headed for them packed jails, or maybe it's a hearse
My only way to stack mail is out here doin' dirt
My decisions do or die, been hustlin' since junior high
No time for askin' why, gettin' high, gettin' mine
Put away my nine, 'cause these times call for four-five shells
'Cause life is hell, and everybody dies
What about these niggas I despise
Them loud talkin', cowards shootin' guns into crowds, jeopardizin' lives
Shoot 'em right between them niggas' eyes, it's time to realize
Follow the rules or follow them fools that die
Everybody's tryin' to make the news
Niggas confused, quit tryin' to be an O.G. and pay your dues
If you choose to apply yourself
Go with the grain then, come into riches and the bitches and the fame
Heavy in the game

[Outro/ad-libs: Lady Levi & (Eboni Foster)]
(Game's been good to me)
Boy, ya nah bitch!
Major that's true we look good every time
When we at Beers Diamond
And 2Pac drives vintage car (Game's been good to me)
And fi them frame them look good, oh no?
This whole world ya call on
Gonna mass on a face
For any, section of bumba ras claat, oh!
(I don't care what it did to them)
(The game's been good to me)
Flush it!.. Oh!
Nobody wan come test me ya know
True them we a drive pretty car
Wanna no part of any ting
And now you wan come drown a gun
But ya see we know, you haffa show I'm maximum respect
For when a blood clat run or when a pussy walk up
We look good every time
'Nough dollars, dollars!
Ya know about dollars , them right?
But we nah talk no shit
We haffa walk de walk for we a talk, see it?
'Cause action, action speak louder dan words
You n who the record partner
Don't blood claat ting at, ALL[Intro]
Major! Hell motherfuckin' yeah
This one goes out to my nigga Mike Cooley, hell yeah
Mama raised a hellraiser

[Verse 1]
Born thuggin'
Heartless and mean, muggin' at sixteen
On the scene watchin' fiends buggin'
Kickin' up dust with the older G's
Soakin' up the game that was told to me
I ain't never touched a gat that I couldn't shoot
I learned not to trust the bitch from the prostitutes
Taught lessons, a young nigga askin' questions
While other suckers was guessin', I was gangsta sexin'
Elementary wasn't meant for me, can't regret it
I'm headed for the penitentiary and cuttin' classing
I'm buckin' blastin', straight mashin'
Mobbin through the overpass laughin'
While these other motherfuckers try to figure out, no doubt
They jealous of a nigga's clout, tell me Lord
Can ya feel me? I keep my finger on the trigger
'Cause some nigga tried to kill me
And mama raised a hellraiser, everyday gettin paid
Police on my pager, straight stressin'
A fugitive my occupation is under question
Wanted for investigation, and even though
I'm marked for death, I'ma spark 'til I lose my breath
Motherfuckers, every time I see the paper
I see my picture, when a nigga's gettin' richer
They come to get ya, it's like a motherfuckin' trap
And they wonder why it's hard bein' black
Dear Lord can ya feel me, stress gettin' major, unhh

[Hook]
Mama raised a hellraiser, stress gettin' major
Lord be my savior, unnh
Mama raised a hellraiser, stress gettin' major
Lord be my savior, unnh
Mama raised a hellraiser, stress gettin' major
Lord be my savior, unnh
Mama raised a hellraiser, stress gettin' major
Lord be my savior, unnh
Mama raised a hellraiser
Stress gettin' major, unnh
Mama raised a hellraiser, stress gettin' major

[Ad-Lib/Collision: 2Pac]
Dear Lord can ya feel me

[Verse 2]
Tell me Lord can ya feel me, show a sign
Damn near running outta time, everybody's dyin'
Mama raised a hellraiser, can't figure
Why you let the police beat down niggas
I'm startin' to think all the rich in the world is safe
While the po' babies rushin' into early graves
God come save the youth
Ain't nothin' else to do but have faith in you
Dear Lord I live the life of a Thug, hope you understand
Forgive me for my mistakes, I gotta play my hand
And my hand's on the sixteen-shot, semi-automatic
Crooked cop killin' Glock, tell me Lord
Can ya feel me? Show a way
I'm prayin' but my enemies won't go away
And everywhere I turn I see niggas burn
Every nigga that I know's on death row
My younger homie's seventeen and he paid a price
Little young motherfucker doin' triple life
Though I tell him in his letters, it's gettin' better
If my nigga knew the truth he'd hit the roof
Just heard ya baby's mama was smoked out, fuck the drama
Wanna break my Loc out, smokin' blunts
Gettin' drunk off that Tanqueray gin
'Bout to break my nigga out the fuckin' pen'
Mama raised a hellraiser, uhh, yeah
C'mon, uhh, mama raised a hellraiser
Uhh, dear Lord can ya feel me, stress gettin' major
(Lord be my savior, unnh)

[Hook]
Mama raised a hellraiser, stress gettin' major
Lord be my savior, unnh
Mama raised a hellraiser, stress gettin' major
Lord be my savior, unnh
Mama raised a hellraiser, stress gettin' major
Lord be my savior, unnh
Mama raised a hellraiser, stress gettin' major

[Verse 3]
Dear Lord can ya hear me, it's just me
A young nigga tryin' to make it on these rough streets
I'm on my knees beggin' please come and SAVE ME
THE WHOLE WORLD done made a nigga crazy!
I got my three-five-seven can't control it
Screamin' die motherfucker and he's loaded
Everybody run for cover, aww shit
Thug Life motherfucker, duck quick
Now am I wrong if I am don't worry me
Cause do or die gettin' high 'til they bury me
Dear Lord if ya hear me, tell me why
Little girl like LaTasha, had to die
She never got to see the bullet, just heard the shot
Her little body couldn't take it, it shook and dropped
And when I saw it on the news how she bucked the girl, killed Latasha
Now I'm screamin' fuck the world, in the end
It's my friends, that flip-flop
Lip-locked on my dick when my shit drop
Thug Life motherfucker, I lick shots
Every nigga on my block dropped two cops
Dear Lord can ya hear me, when I die
Let a nigga be strapped, fucked up, and high
With my hands on the trigger, thug nigga
Stressin' like a motherfuckin' drug dealer
And even in the darkest nights, I'm a thug for Life
I got the heart to fight now
Mama raised a hellraiser why cry
That's just life in the ghetto, do or die[Intro]
Hahah! Yeah nigga fuck that gin & juice (Hennessy)
Just Pour a nigga a glass
Hennessey, that dark shit (That's right)
That's right
[Obie Trice]
Ay pour me some of that too baby

[Hook: 2Pac + (Obie Trice)]
They wanna knows my role model, it's in a brown bottle
(Yo what's our motherfuckin motto nigga?)
Hennessy
They wanna knows my role model, it's in a brown bottle
(You know our motherfuckin motto)
Hennessy
Hahaha, y'all niggas can't fuck with this ol' thug shit
Hennessy

(That's what you sippin on, now what's your name nigga?)
Big ballin' ass nigga named 'Pac

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Now I was born in the gutter facin life or death
I was a thug ever since my mama gave me breath
These motherfuckers wanna see me die, so who am I
To try to warn 'em, I buck and bomb 'em, them niggas fry
Hey, remember me? Down that Hennessy
The nigga you don't wanna see, let me proceed
My definition of some thug shit, y'all don't hear me
Now that it's poppin ain't no love bitch
I maintain in the game in the gutter's where I still kick it
I'm trying to hustle up a meal ticket
I'm still wicked in my ways, a hustler 'til my dying days
Ain't nuttin wrong with gettin paid, so nigga blaze
Cause we some motherfuckin fools
Walkin through the streets wearing jewels, breakin niggas makin moves
Even the cops can't stop us, my enemies flip
When they see me drink a fifth of that Hennessy

[Hook: 2Pac + (Obie Trice)]
They wanna knows my role model, it's in a brown bottle
(Yo what's our motherfuckin motto nigga?)
Hennessy
They wanna knows my role model, it's in a brown bottle
(You know our motherfuckin motto)
Hennessy
Hahaha, y'all niggas can't fuck with this ol' thug shit
Hennessy

(That's what I'm sippin on, now let me tell 'em who I be)
Big ballin' ass nigga named Trice

[Verse 2: Obie Trice + (2Pac)]
Now I was born in Detroit on the side that's West
Troubled child comin up I had to ride I guess
Tried to apply myself, them niggas was ballin
My mama couldn't tell me shit, the streets was callin
I was often involved with niggas breakin the law
I look back, 'Pac nigga, we was bankin off raw
P-Funk got it pumpin, he had the connects
Threw the sack to his lil' niggas workin the set
And if you got it you gettin wet, nigga bet on that
Don't come around hurr on that floss shit
Detroit niggas off shit
(Robbin niggas in the do'ways) That's right
(With my four-four, that's the sure way)
And this your road days, All Eyez on Me
We was looney I suppose, you could (die homie)
O. Trice always rep his block
Pass the Henn and that ice
I'm on a track with 'Pac nigga

[Hook: 2Pac + (Obie Trice)]
They wanna knows my role model, it's in a brown bottle
(Yo what's our motherfuckin motto nigga?)
Hennessy
They wanna knows my role model, it's in a brown bottle
(You know our motherfuckin motto)
Hennessy
Hahaha, y'all niggas can't fuck with this ol' thug shit
Hennessy

[Obie Trice]
Yeah, ay 'Pac, 'Pac, nigga Detroit love you boy
You put it down out here, I mean, y'know
Me and my family, my friends, nigga we ride for you always
2Pacalypse Now 'til infinity boy, forever
Shady Records, Afeni Shakur, whattup? Yeah
Obie Trice, pour out a lil' liquor nigga[Hook]
High 'til I die
Loced 'til they smoke me, the shit don't stop
'Til my casket drop
I'm high 'til I die
Loced 'til they smoke me, the shit don't stop
'Til my casket drop
I'm high 'til I die
Loced 'til they smoke me, the shit don't stop
Shit don't stop

[Verse 1]
Game rules, ain't got time for fools
Money on my mind, so my nine rules
Time to, make weight, niggas gettin' crazy paid
And hatin' bitches for the games they play
So nigga, pull quick, but better be quicker than the next motherfucker on the, trigger
'Cause I'm static, startin' to be a fuckin' havoc
Gotta keep my automatic, or get my ass kicked
When I'm in traffic, it's kinda rough and, I drive a bucket
Live the Thug Life nigga screaming, fuck it
I love to throw my middle finger to the police
And no bucks, no justice, no peace
I'm smokin' blunts 'til I pass out (coughing)
Yeah, nigga, gettin' assed out
Rollin' in my nigga's glass house
Drivin' fast, talkin' to bitches, whippin' cash out
I'm with my niggas, so fuck the suckers, I'm buckin' bustas
Smokin' chronic motherfuckers causin' ruckus
It's the last of the drank, pull over
Can't hear a damn thing sober

[Hook]
High 'til I die
Loced 'til they smoke me, the shit don't stop
'Til my casket drop
I'm high 'til I die
Loced 'til they smoke me, the shit don't stop
'Til my casket drop
I'm high 'til I die
Loced 'til they smoke me, the shit don't stop
'Til my casket drop
I'm high 'til I die
Loced 'til they smoke me, the shit don't stop
Shit don't stop

[Verse 2]
Lord help me save me, mama keep prayin'
For a young motherfucka, tryna duck an early grave
In the city where you can't tell the fakes from the snakes
Enemies from phonies, friends from your homies
Around the corner there's another nigga waitin' to jack
He don't know I got a Glock 'til his ass get shot
Like a mutha fuckin' Thug disease
Cravin' beats like they motherfuckin' drugs to me (Hey)
What's up with bitches tryin' to screw me, do me 'cause I did a movie
Throw the pussy to me, but before they never knew me
Rather die then let ya play me for a busta
And with my Glock, I'm a plotin' ass rotten mutha fucka (Hey)
Don't let that movie fool ya, let me school ya
Screamin' Thug Life nigga when I do ya
It's the last of the drank, pull over
Can't hear a damn thang sober 'cause I'm

[Hook]
High 'til I die
Loced 'til they smoke me, the shit don't stop
'Til my casket drop
I'm high 'til I die
Loced 'til they smoke me, the shit don't stop
'Til my casket drop
I'm high 'til I die
Loced 'til they smoke me, the shit don't stop
'Til my casket drop
I'm high 'til I die
Loced 'til they smoke me, the shit don't stop
Shit don't stop

High 'til I die
Loced 'til they smoke me, the shit don't stop
'Til my casket drop
I'm high 'til I die
Loced 'til they smoke me, the shit don't stop
'Til my casket drop
I'm high 'til I die
Loced 'til they smoke me, the shit don't stop
Shit don't stop, shit don't stop
High 'til I die
Loced 'til they smoke me, the shit don't stop
'Til my casket drop
I'm high 'til I die
Loced 'til they smoke me, the shit don't stop
'Til my casket drop
I'm high 'til I die
Loced 'til they smoke me, the shit don't stop
Shit don't stop[Intro: 2Pac]
I ain't got no motherfuckin' friends
That's why I fucked yo' bitch, you fat motherfucker!
(Take money) West Side, Bad Boy killas
(Take money) You know who the realest is
(Take money) We bring it too
(Take money)

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
First off, fuck yo' bitch and the clique you claim
Westside when we ride, come equipped with game
You claim to be a player, but I fucked your wife
We bust on Bad Boys, niggas fucked for life
Plus, Puffy tryna see me, weak hearts I rip
Biggie Smalls and Junior M.A.F.I.A. some mark-ass bitches
We keep on comin' while we runnin' for your jewels
Steady gunnin', keep on bustin' at them fools, you know the rules
Lil' Caesar, go ask your homie how I'll leave ya
Cut your young-ass up, leave you in pieces, now be deceased
Lil' Kim, don't fuck around with real G's
Quick to snatch yo' ugly ass off the streets, so fuck peace!
I'll let them niggas know it's on for life
Don't let the Westside ride tonight (Ha ha)
Bad Boy murdered on wax and killed
Fuck with me and get yo' caps peeled, you know

[Chorus: 2Pac]
See, grab your Glocks when you see 2Pac
Call the cops when you see 2Pac, uh
Who shot me? But you punks didn't finish
Now you 'bout to feel the wrath of a menace
Nigga, I hit 'em up!

[Interlude: 2Pac]
Check this out, you motherfuckers know what time it is
I don't even know why I'm on this track
Y'all niggas ain't even on my level
I'ma let my little homies ride
On you bitch-made ass Bad Boy bitches, feel it!

[Verse 2: Hussein Fatal]
Get out the way yo, get out the way yo
Biggie Smalls just got dropped
Little Moo', pass the MAC and let me hit him in his back
Frank White needs to get spanked right for settin' traps
Little accident murderer, and I ain't never heard of ya
Poisonous gats attack when I'm servin' ya
Spank ya, shank ya whole style when I gank
Guard your rank 'cause I'ma slam your ass in the paint
Puffy weaker than the fuckin' block I'm runnin' through, nigga
And I'm smokin' Junior M.A.F.I.A. in front of you, nigga
With the ready power tucked in my Guess under my Eddie Bauer
Your clout petty/sour, I push packages every hour; I hit 'em up!

[Chorus: 2Pac]
Grab your Glocks when you see 2Pac
Call the cops when you see 2Pac, uh
Who shot me? But you punks didn't finish
Now you 'bout to feel the wrath of a menace
Nigga, we hit 'em up!

[Verse 3: 2Pac]
Peep how we do it, keep it real as penitentiary steel
This ain't no freestyle battle
All you niggas gettin' killed with your mouths open
Tryna come up off of me, you in the clouds hopin'
Smokin' dope, it's like a sherm high
Niggas think they learned to fly
But they burn, motherfucker, you deserve to die
Talkin' about you gettin' money, but it's funny to me
All you niggas livin' bummy while you fuckin' with me
I'm a self-made millionaire
Thug livin', out of prison, pistols in the air (ha ha)
Biggie, remember when I used to let you sleep on the couch
And beg a bitch to let you sleep in the house?
Now it's all about Versace, you copied my style
Five shots couldn't drop me, I took it and smiled
Now I'm back to set the record straight
With my AK, I'm still the thug that you love to hate
Motherfucker, I hit 'em up!

[Verse 4: Kadafi]
I'm from N-E-W Jers' where plenty of murders occurs
No points or commas, we bring drama to all you herbs
Now go check the scenario: Lil' Cease
I'll bring you fake G's to your knees, coppin' pleas in de Janeiro
Little Kim, is you coked up or doped up?
Get your little Junior Whopper click smoked up
What the fuck, is you stupid?
I take money, crash and mash through Brooklyn
With my click lootin', shootin' and pollutin' your block
With a 15-shot cocked Glock to your knot
Outlaw MAFIA clique movin' up another notch
And your pop stars popped and get mopped and dropped
All your fake-ass East Coast props brainstormed and locked

[Verse 5: E.D.I. Mean]
You's a beat biter, a Pac style taker
I'll tell you to your face you ain't shit but a faker
Softer than Alizé with a chaser
About to get murdered for the paper
E.D.I. Mean approach the scene of the caper
Like a loc, with Little Ceas' in a choke
Gun totin' smoke, we ain't no motherfuckin' joke
Thug Life, niggas better be knowin'
We approachin' in the wide open, gun smokin'
No need for hopin', it's a battle lost
I got 'em crossed as soon as the funk is boppin' off
Nigga, I hit 'em up!

[Outro: 2Pac]
Now you tell me who won
I see them, they run, ha ha
They don't wanna see us
Whole Junior M.A.F.I.A. clique dressin' up tryna be us
How the fuck they gonna be the mob
When we always on our job?
We millionaires
Killin' ain't fair, but somebody gotta do it
Oh yeah, Mobb Deep, you wanna fuck with us?
You little young-ass motherfuckers
Don't one of you niggas got sickle-cell or somethin'?
You're fuckin' with me, nigga
You fuck around and have a seizure or a heart attack
You better back the fuck up
Before you get smacked the fuck up
This is how we do it on our side
Any of you niggas from New York that wanna bring it, bring it!
But we ain't singin', we bringin' drama
Fuck you and yo' motherfuckin' mama!
We gon' kill all you motherfuckers!
Now when I came out I told you it was just about Biggie
Then everybody had to open their mouth
With a motherfuckin' opinion
Well, this is how we gonna do this: fuck Mobb Deep! Fuck Biggie!
Fuck Bad Boy as a staff, record label, and as a motherfuckin' crew!
And if you wanna be down with Bad Boy, then fuck you too!
Chino XL, fuck you too!
All you motherfuckers, fuck you too!
(Take money, take money)
All of y'all motherfuckers, fuck you, die slow!
Motherfucker, my .44 make sho' all y'all kids don't grow!
You motherfuckers can't be us or see us
We motherfuckin' Thug Life ridas
Westside 'til we die!
Out here in California, nigga, we warned ya
We'll bomb on you motherfuckers! We do our job!
You think you mob? Nigga, we the motherfuckin' mob!
Ain't nothin' but killas
And the real niggas, all you motherfuckers feel us
Our shit goes triple and 4-quadruple
You niggas laugh 'cause our staff got guns under their motherfuckin' belts
You know how it is: when we drop records, they felt
You niggas can't feel it, we the realest
Fuck 'em, we Bad Boy killas![Produced by Choo]

[Intro]
Hold on... *lighter flicks up*
Yeah, it's gonna be alright
Don't trip, baby *inhales*
It'll get better... *coughing*
Aye, do this thug style, man, thug style
When this whole beat drop
We just gon' run it to 'em
Bet, it's all good, uhh

[Verse 1]
I never had much, ran with a bad bunch
Little skinny kid sneakin' weed in my bag lunch
And all through Junior High, we was just gettin' by
And drive-by's robbed my homies of their young lives
I never did cry, and even though I had pain in my heart
I was hopeless from the start
They couldn't tell me nothin', they all tried to help me
The marijuana had my mind gone, it wasn't healthy
I traveled places, caught cases, what a ill year
I felt the pain and the rain, but I'm still here
Never did like the police
Let the whole world know, now I gets no peace
‘Cause they chasin' me down
And facin' me now, what do I do?
These things that a thug goes through
And still I rise, so keep your head up
And make your mind strong
It's a struggle every day, but you gotta hold on

[Hook]
Hold on, be strong!
Hold on, be strong!
Hold on, be strong!
When it's on, it's on

[Verse 2]
There's never a good day, ‘cause in my hood they
Let they AK's pump strays where the kids play
And every Halloween, check out the murder scene
Can't help but duplicate the violence seen on the screen
My homies dyin' before they get to see they birthdays
These is the worst days, sometimes it hurts to pray
And even God turned his back on the ghetto youth
I know that ain't the truth, sometimes I look for proof
I wonder if Heaven got a ghetto, and if it does
Does it matter if you Blood or you Cuz?
Remember how it was?
The picnics and the parties in the projects
Small time drinkin', gettin' high with them armies
Just another knucklehead kid from the gutter
I'm dealin' with the madness, raised by a single mother
I'm tryin' to tell you when it's on
You gotta keep your head to the sky
And be strong, most of all, hold on

[Hook]
Hold on, be strong!
Hold on, be strong!
Hold on, be strong!
When it's on, it's on

[Outro]
(Hold on, be strong *repeats in background*)
I know them ain't tears comin' down your face
Wipe your eyes
In this world, only the strong survive, you know?
Hehe, I know it's hard out there
Welfare, AIDS, earthquakes, muggings, car-jackings
Yeah, we got problems
But believe me when I tell you things always get better
God don't like ugly, and God don't like no quitters
You know what Billie Holiday said?
Bay-bee, God bless the child that can hold his own
You know? You got to stand strong
And when these bustas try to knock you out your place
You stand there to they face
Tell 'em "Hold on!", and be strong
The game don't stop, huh
This here is black, man
If you don't never learn nothin', learn one thing
It don't stop, 'til the casket drop
Thug for life... feel me?
All my homeboys and my homegirls, stay strong
When things get bad
Especially come the first and the fifteenth
Stay strong, and stay ballin', hold on
I'll catch y'all at the next life, we in traffic[Intro/Collision: Sampled & 2Pac]
"Yo, Jackson!" "A 231549"
"Yeah, close four! Comin' down!
My homeboys in Clinton and Rikers Island
All Crichlow! A 5991301
The penitentiaries, Mumia, Mutulu, Geronimo, Sekou
All Close five! Comin' down!"
The political prisoners, San Quentin
“Look at Satan” “I see him”
All the jailhouses, I'm witchu

[Pre-Verse:  2Pac & Tyrone Wrice]
Yeah, one thug, one thug
How do we keep the music playin'?
You're listenin' to the sounds of one thug
One thug, one thug, How do we get ahead?
You're listenin' to the sounds of…

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
I wake up early in the mornin', mind state so military
Suckers fantasizin' pictures of a young brother buried
Was it me, the weed or this life I lead?
If daytime is for suckers then tonight we breathe
Out for all that, knowin' that this world bring drawbacks
Look how they shiver once I deliver these raw raps
Meet me at the cemetery, dressed in black
Tonight we honor the dead, those who won't be back
So, if I die, do the same for me, shed no tears
An outlaw thug livin' in this game for years
Why worry? Hope to God, get me high when I'm buried
Knowin' deep inside only a few love me
Don't rush me to the gates of Heaven
Let me picture for a while, how I lived for my days as a child
I wonder now, how do we outlast?
Always get cash, stay strong if we all mash; hold ya head!

[Chorus: Tyrone Wrice & 2Pac]
How do we keep the music playin'?
Yes, you got to hold ya head!
How do we get ahead? Hold ya head!
Too many young black brothers are dyin'
Yes, you got to hold ya head!
Livin' fast, too fast

[Verse 2: 2Pac]
These felonies be like prophecies
Beggin' me to stop ‘cause these
Lawyers gettin' money every time they knock us
Snatchin' pockets lyrically, suckers flee when they notice
Switched my name to Makaveli, half the rap game ghost
Exposed foes with my hocus-pocus flows, they froze
Now suckers idolize my chosen blows
And mo' money mean litigatin', mo' playa hatin'
Got a cell at the pen' for me waitin'—is this my fate?
Miss me with that misdemeanor thinkin', me fall back?
Never that, too much Tequila drinkin', we all that
Make them understand me? Hell nah, this ain't my posse
Everyone with me is family, ‘cause everybody's got me
Watch me paint a perfect vision, this life we livin'
Got us all meetin' up in prison
Last week I got a letter from my road dog, written in blood
Sayin', "Please show a playa love"—hold ya head! (Hold it!)

[Chorus: Tyrone Wrice & 2Pac]
How do we keep the music playin'?
You got to hold ya head!
How do we get ahead? Come on, hold ya head!
Too many young black brothers are dyin'
Yes, hold ya head!
Livin' fast, too fast
The weed got me tweakin' in my mind, I'm thinkin'…

[Verse 3: 2Pac]
God bless the child that can hold his own
Indeed, enemies bleed when I hold my chrome
Let these words be the last to my unborn seeds
Hope to raise my young nation in this world of greed
Currency means nothin' if you still ain't free
Money breeds jealousy, take the game from me
I hope for better days, trouble comes naturally
Runnin' from authorities 'til they capture me
And my aim is to spread mo' smiles than tears
Utilize lessons learned from my childhood years
Maybe Mama had it all right, rest yo' head
Tradin' conversations all night, bless the dead
To the homies that I used to have that no longer roll
Catch a brother at the crossroads
Plus nobody knows my soul, watchin' time pass
Through the glass of my drop-top Rolls; hold ya head!

[Chorus: Tyrone Wrice & 2Pac]
How do we keep the music playin'?
You got to hold ya head!
How do we get ahead? C'mon, hold ya head!
Too many young black brothers are dyin'
Yes, hold ya head!
Livin' fast, too fast
You got to hold ya head!
How do we keep the music playin'?
Yes, you got to hold ya head!
How do we get ahead?

[Collision: 2Pac]
No matter how hard it get, feel me? (Come on)
Get the weed, drink a drink, read a book
Watch the stars, get some pussy—whatever![Refrain: Nancy Fletcher]
Niggas out there jealous 'cause we be bailin' with Death Row
They try to playa hate, but they can't fade us though
We be mobbin' through the neighborhood, yeah
With that funky sound (so funky)
We be throwin' down

[Intro: 2Pac]
This goes out to you, playa
You know, you know who you are

[Chorus: 2Pac]
Gotta be careful, can't let the evil of the money trap me
So when ya see me, nigga, you better holla at me
Gotta be careful, can't let the evil of the money trap me
So when ya see me, nigga, you better holla at me
Gotta be careful, can't let the evil of the money trap me
So when ya see me, nigga, you better holla at me

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Are you confused?
You wonder how it feels to walk a mile inside the shoes
Of a nigga who don't have a thing to lose?
When me and you was homies
No one informed me it was all a scheme
You infiltrated my team and sold a nigga's dreams
How could you do me like that? I took ya family in
I put some cash in ya pocket, made you a man again
And now you let the fear put your ass in a place
Complicated to escape, it's a fool's fate
Without your word, you're a shell of a man
I lost respect for you, nigga, we can never be friends
I know I'm runnin' through your head now
What could you do? If it was up to you, I'd be dead now
I let the world know, nigga, you a coward
You could never be live until you die
See the motherfuckin' bitch in your eye
Type of nigga, that let the evil of the money trap me
When ya see me, nigga, you better holla at me (holla at me)

[Chorus: 2Pac & Nancy Fletcher]
Gotta be ready, can’t let the evil of the money trap me
So when ya see me, nigga, you better holla at me
You better beware where you lay
We better not find where you stay
So I gotta be careful, can't let the evil of the money trap me
So when ya see me, nigga, you better holla at me
You better beware where you lay
We better not find where you stay

[Verse 2: 2Pac]
Curious, spittin' lyrics on the verge of furious
I'm addicted to currency, nigga, that's why we doin' this
I got shot up, I surprised the niggas the way I got up
And then I hit the studio, it's time to blow the block up
No hesitation, this information got you contemplatin'
Heartbreakin' and eliminatin' with this conversation
Break him and let him see the face of a mental patient
It's a celebration of my criminal elevation, more participation
I want members across the fifty states
We keep the nation anticipatin' until we break
Will I be great, is it my fate to live the life of luxury?
Some niggas bought my tapes, so much jealousy it scares me
So be prepared, 'cause only the strong survive, life isn't fair (fair)
Probably never knew the way it feels to die
So you see, come fuck with me, I give that ass a try
Nigga, holla at me

[Chorus: 2Pac & Nancy Fletcher]
Gotta be careful, can’t let the evil of the money trap me
So when ya see me, nigga, you better holla at me
You better beware where you lay
We better not find where you stay
And now I gotta be careful, can't let the evil of the money trap me
So when ya see me, nigga, you better holla at me
You better beware where you lay
We better not find where you stay

[Verse 3: 2Pac]
I should've saw the signs, I was blinded
Criminal minds of a young black brotha doin' time
So many brothas framed in this dirty game
It's a shame, so much pressure on my brain
Why she blame me?
Secrets in the dark, only her and I know
Now I'm sittin' in the state pen', doin' time slow
Guess she made a bad decision that got me livin'
Just like an animal, I'm caged up in state prison
My niggas dissin' 'cause hell hath no fury like a woman scorned
A cemetery full of motherfuckers not knowin'
Picture my prophecy, I got some attacking me, on top of me
I'm runnin' from the coppers, but never let 'em stop me
'Cause I'm a soldier, hell, ever since I was a little nigga
Havin' fantasies of one day getting older
Niggas is paranoid, trust; a no-no
Love is a mystery, fuck the po-po
Holla at me

[Chorus: 2Pac & Nancy Fletcher]
So when you see me, nigga, you better holla at me
You better beware where you lay
We better not find where you stay
Gotta be careful, can't let the evil of the money trap me
So when ya see me, nigga, you better holla at me
You better beware where you lay
We better not find where you stay
A nigga gotta be careful, can't let the evil of the money trap me
So when ya see me, nigga, you better holla at me
You better beware where you lay
We better not find where you stay

[Refrain: Nanci Fletcher]
Niggas out there jealous cause we be bailin' with Death Row
They try to playa hate, but they can't fade us tho'
We be mobbin' through the neighborhood, yeah
With that funky sound (so funky)
We be throwin' down

[Chorus: 2Pac & Nancy Fletcher]
Gotta be careful, can't let the evil of the money trap me
So when ya see me, nigga, you better holla at me
You better beware where you lay
We better not find where you stay
Gotta be careful, can't let the evil of the money trap me
So when ya see me, nigga, you better holla at me
You better beware where you lay
We better not find where you stay[Intro]
Aww yeah, uhh, uhh
Holla if ya hear me, yeah

[Verse 1]
Here we go, turn it up, let's start
From block to block we snatching hearts and jacking marks
And the punk police can't fade me and maybe
We can have peace someday, G
But right now I got my mind set up
Lookin down the barrel of my nine, get up
'Cause it's time to make the payback fat
Tell my brothers on the block–better stay strapped, black
And accept no substitutes
I bring truth to the youth tear the roof off the whole school
Oh no, I won't turn the other cheek
In case ya can't see us while we burn the other week
Now we got a nigga smash, blast
How long will it last 'til the po' gettin mo' cash
Until then, raise up!
Tell my young black males, blaze up!
Life's a mess don't stress, test
I'm givin' but be thankful that you're livin', blessed
Much love to my brothers in the pen
See ya when they free ya if not when they shove me in
Once again it's an all out scrap
Keep your hands on ya gat, now ya boys watch ya back
'Cause in the alleys out in Cali I'mma tell ya
Mess with the best and the vest couldn't help ya
Scream, if ya feel me; see it clearly?
You're too near me

[Chorus]
Holler if ya hear me!
"Hard"
"Tellin' you to hear it"
"The rebel"

[Verse 2]
Pump ya fists like this
Holla if ya hear me, PUMP PUMP if you're pissed
To the sell-outs, livin' it up
One way or another you'll be givin' it up, huh
I guess 'cause I'm black born
I'm supposed to say peace, sing songs, and get capped on
But it's time for a new plan, BAM!
I'll be swingin' like a one man, clan
Here we go, turn it up, don't stop
To my homies on the block gettin dropped by cops
I'm still around for ya
Keepin my sound underground for ya
And I'ma throw a change up
Quayle ain't do nothing but blow my name up!
Now my homies in the backstreets, the blackstreets
They feel me when they rollin' in they fat jeeps
This ain't just a rap song, a black song
Tellin' all my brothers, get they strap on
And look for me in the struggle
Hustlin 'til other brothers bubble

[Chorus]
Holler if ya hear me!
"Hard"
"Tellin' you to hear it"
"The rebel"

[Verse 3]
Will I quit, will I quit?
They claim that I'm violent, but still I kick
Representin', never give up on a good thing
Wouldn't stop it if we could it's a hood thing
And now I'm like a major threat
'Cause I remind you of the things you were made to forget
Bring the noise to all my boys
Know the real from the bustas and the decoys
And if ya hustle like a real G
Pump ya fists if ya feel me, holla if ya hear me
Learn to survive in the nine-tre'
I make rhyme pay, others make crime pay
Whatever it takes to live and stand
'Cause nobody else'll give a damn
So we live like caged beasts
Waitin' for the day to let the rage free
Still me 'til they kill me
I love it when they fear me

[Chorus]
Holler if ya hear me!
"Hard"
"Tellin' you to hear it"
"The rebel"
You're too near me, to see it clearly
Holler if ya hear me!
"Hard"
"Tellin' you to hear it"
"The rebel"I think of u in my arms
And what it would be like 2 Make Love
I think of u raising my SEED
And what they'd be made of
I think of how alone I was
Before u came 2 be
I think of the joy I felt
when u said u thought of me
I'm proud to be the heart u
choose 2 make a friend
Hours pass by and Cupid cries
until we meet again[Intro:]
It's the same murder!
You made out streets into what these people call the 'killing field!'

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
The motherfuckin' dust kicker, who can you trust?
Do you have the heart to see a nigga, before you bust?
My name is spoken on the tongues of so many foes
Bustin' motherfuckers out the box, I ain't even go!
Now how the hell do you explain my claim to fame?
From doin' flicks to bustin' tricks out the fuckin' frame
Got these bitches on my jock, niggas on my block
Jealous ass suckers got 'em duckin' from my smokin' Glock
And bustin' niggas asses is to stay alive
Skinny ass player watchin' bigger motherfuckers fry
They ask me how I'm livin', I'm a hustler
Buckin' busters 'til they die
Now it's on in the ghetto you ain't heard?
Niggas got they AKs headin' for the 'burbs
Aimin' at them skin headed bitches let it rain
Givin' 'em a wet welcome to the house of pain

[Interlude:}
"When you think -- when you really think about it, the challenge of racial tension in many levels; the level of violence, higher this year than last--"
"Our city is a war zone."

[Verse 2: Stretch]
Yo I'm hunting down this nigga and he know so he stressin'
He better count his blessings and get ready for this lesson
The Stretch 'bout to teach him when I reach him with the MAC
And lay that ass down on his motherfucking back, Jack
Slack is something that a nigga don't take
His mom run the church so I'mma see her at his fucking wake
Make way, the nigga paid me the other day
I'm fucking with my son and the nigga got somethin' to say
Hey! The nigga tried to diss, boy he got it twisted
He shoulda watched America's Most, I'm listed
For killing motherfuckers like him
So I'mma bring him to the House of Pain and kill him with a grin
Flim flam, god DAMN I'm not the one
Before I choke him and smoke him
I'm gonna smack him with my fuckin' gun
Son, you made your last mistake and I don't know your name
But welcome to the House of Pain

[Interlude 2:]
"In the second such case in recent memory, a Ross woman being charged with murder and the shooting death over the death of her daughter over a crack addict."

[Verse 3: The Notorious B.I.G.]
Coughing
Huh, the country bud got me chokin'
I'm on a mission to the point that motherfuckers think I'm smokin'
Yea that sick nigga Biggie wit the 8-shot fifth
Wit the extra clip for that extra shit
Don't you know that a killing is thrilling
All the blood spilling, is all a part of drug dealing
A born gangsta my daddy was a thug
Had a .38 wit the hollow point slug
So when he licked shots
Niggas dropped quicker than a bootlegger sells his liquor
A little nigga tried to squeeze .22's in my Reebok shoes
Payin' dues, while kids was on their one's and two's
Now I'm much older, colder, fuck a holster
Got the MAC-11 swingin' from my shoulder
It's a damn shame I got to put my momma through the strain
I'm livin' in a house of pain

[Outro:]
"He reportedly tried to hide behind a parked car and then beg for his life before he was killed."
"A hostage in Brooklyn rather suggests we have--"
"Grant said this morning he was kidnapped and held for ransom and strangled to death."
"They hurt us, humiliated us, took stuff for granted, stole from our--"Sometimes I wonder about this race
Because we must be blind as Hell
2 think we live in equality
while Nelson Mandela rots in a jail cell
Where the shores of Howard Beach
are full of Afrikan corpses
And those that do live 2 be 18
Bumrush 2 join the Armed Forces
This so called "Home of the Brave"
why isn't anybody Backing us up!
When they c these crooked ass Redneck cops
constantly Jacking us up
Now I bet some punk will say I'm racist
I can tell by the way you smile at me
then I remember George Jackson, Huey Newton
and Geronimo 2 hell with Lady Liberty[Chorus: K-Ci & JoJo]
How do you want it?
How do you feel?
Comin' up as a nigga in the cash game
Livin' in the fast lane, I'm for real
How do you want it yeah?
How do you feel?
Comin' up as a nigga in the cash game
Livin' in the fast lane, I'm for real

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
I love the way you activate your hips and push your ass out
Got a nigga wantin' it so bad, I'm about to pass out
Wanna dig you, and I can't even lie about it
Baby, just alleviate your clothes, time to fly up out it
Catch you at a club, oh shit, you got me fiendin'
Body talkin' shit to me, but I can't comprehend the meanin'
Now, if you wanna roll with me, then here's your chance
Doin' eighty on the freeway, police, catch me if you can
Forgive me, I'm a rider, still I'm just a simple man
All I want is money, fuck the fame, I'm a simple man
Mr. International, player with the passport
Just like Aladdin, bitch, get you anything you ask for
It's either him or me; Champagne, Hennessy
A favorite of my homies when we floss on our enemies
Witness as we creep to a low speed, peep what a ho need
Puff some mo' weed, funk, ya don't need
Approachin' hoochies with a passion, been a long day
But I've been driven by attraction in a strong way
Your body is bangin', baby, I love it when you flaunt it
Time to give it to daddy, nigga, now tell me how you want it

[Chorus: K-Ci & JoJo]
How do you want it?
How does it feel?
Comin' up as a nigga in the cash game
Livin' in the fast lane, I'm for real
How do you want it?
How do you feel?
Comin' up as a nigga in the cash game
Livin' in the fast lane, I'm for real

[Verse 2: 2Pac]
Tell me is it cool to fuck?
Did you think I come to talk? Am I a fool or what?
Positions on the floor, it's like erotic
Ironic, 'cause I'm somewhat psychotic
I'm hittin' switches on bitches
Like I been fixed with hydraulics
Up and down like a roller coaster
I'm up inside ya, I ain't quittin' 'til the show is over
'Cause I'm a rider, in and out just like a robbery
I'll probably be a freak and let you get on top of me
Get her rockin' these, nights full of Alizé
A livin' legend you ain't heard about
These niggas play these Cali days
C. Delores Tucker, you's a motherfucker
Instead of tryin' to help a nigga, you destroy a brother
Worse than the others; Bill Clinton, Mister Bob Dole
You're too old to understand the way the game's told
You're lame so I gotta hit you with the hot facts
Once I'm released, I'm makin' millions, nigga, top that
They wanna censor me; they'd rather see me in a cell
Livin' in hell, only a few of us'll live to tell
Now everybody talkin' about us, I could give a fuck
I'd be the first one to bomb and cuss
Nigga, tell me how you want it

[Chorus: K-Ci & JoJo]
How do you want it?
How do you  feel?
Comin' up as a nigga in the cash game
Livin' in the fast lane, I'm for real
How do you want it?
How do you  feel?
Comin' up as a nigga in the cash game
Livin' in the fast lane, I'm for real

[Verse 3: 2Pac]
Raised as a youth, tell the truth
I got the scoop on how to get a bulletproof
Lickin' shots off from the roof
Before I was a teenager, mobile phone, Skypager
Game rules, I'm livin' major
My adversaries is lookin' worried
They paranoid of gettin' buried
One of us gon' see the cemetery
My only hope to survive if I wish to stay alive
Gettin' high, see the demons in my eyes, before I die
I wanna live my life and ball, make a couple million
And then I'm chillin', fade 'em all
These taxes got me crossed up and people tryin' to sue me
Media is in my business and they actin' like they know me
But I'ma mash out and peel out
I’m with a clique that’s quick to whip that fuckin' steel out
Yeah nigga, it's some new shit so better get up on it
When you see me, tell a nigga how you want it
How do you want it?

[Chorus: K-Ci & JoJo]
How do you want it?
How do you feel?
Comin' up as a nigga in the cash game
Livin' in the fast lane, I'm for real
How do you want it?
How do you feel?
Comin' up as a nigga in the cash game
Livin' in the fast lane, I'm for real
How do you want it?
How do you feel?
Comin' up as a nigga in the cash game
Livin' in the fast lane, I'm for real
How do you want it?
How do you feel?
Comin' up as a nigga in the cash game
Livin' in the fast lane, I'm for real

[Interlude: 2Pac]
Me and my Nigga Johnny J...yeah we out

[Chorus: K-Ci & JoJo]
How do you want it?
How do you feel?
Comin' up as a nigga in the cash game
Livin' in the fast lane, I'm for real
How do you want it?
How do you feel?
Comin' up as a nigga in the cash game
Livin' in the fast lane, I'm for real

[Outro: K-Ci & JoJo]
How do you want it?
How do you feel?
Comin' up as a nigga in the cash game
Livin' in the fast lane, I'm for real[Intro: 2Pac]
Change, shit
I guess change is good for any of us
Whatever it take for any of y'all niggas to get up out the hood
Shit, I'm wit'cha, I ain't mad at cha
Got nothin' but love for ya, do your thing, boy
Yeah, all the homies that I ain't talk to in a while
I'ma send this one out for y'all
Know what I mean? 'Cause I ain't mad at cha
Heard y'all tearin' up shit out there
Kickin' up dust, givin' a motherfuck
Yeah, niggas, 'cause I ain't mad at cha

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Now we was once two niggas of the same kind
Quick to holla at a hoochie with the same line
You was just a little smaller, but you still rolled
Got stretched to Y.A. and hit the hood swoll
'Member when you had a Jheri Curl, didn't quite learn
On the block, wit'cha Glock, trippin' off sherm
Collect calls to the crib, sayin' how you've changed
Oh, you a Muslim now? No more dope game
Heard you might be comin' home, just got bail
Wanna go to the mosque, don't wanna chase tail
It seems I lost my little homie, he's a changed man
Hit the pen and now no sinnin' is the game plan
When I talk about money, all you see is the struggle
When I tell you I'm livin' large, you tell me it's trouble
Congratulations on the weddin', I hope your wife know
She got a playa for life, and that's no bullshittin'
I know we grew apart, you probably don't remember
I used to fiend for your sister, but never went up in her
And I can see us after school, we'd bomb
On the first motherfucker with the wrong shit on
Now the whole shit's changed and we don't even kick it
Got a big money scheme and you ain't even with it
Knew in my heart you was the same motherfucker that
Go toe to toe when it's time to roll, you got a brother's back
And I can't even trip, 'cause I'm just laughin' at cha
You tryin' hard to maintain, then go ahead
'Cause I ain't mad at cha

[Chorus: Danny Boy & 2Pac]
I ain't mad at cha
I ain't mad at cha
I ain't mad at cha

[Verse 2: 2Pac]
We used to be like distant cousins, fightin', playin' dozens
Whole neighborhood buzzin', knowin' that we wasn't
Used to catch us on the roof or behind the stairs
I'm gettin' blitzed and I reminisce on all the times we shared
Besides bumpin' and grindin', wasn't nothin' on our mind
In time, we'd learned to live a life of crime
Rewind us back to a time was much too young to know
I caught a felony, lovin' the way the guns blow
And even though we separated, you said that you'd wait
Don't give nobody no coochie while I'll be locked up state
I kiss my mama goodbye and wipe the tears from her lonely eyes
Said I'll return but I gotta fight, the fate's arrived
Don't shed a tear, 'cause Mama, I ain't happy here
I blew trial, no more smiles for a couple years
They got me goin' mad, I'm knockin' busters on they backs
In my cell, thinkin', "Hell, I know one day I'll be back"
As soon as I touch down
I told my girl I'd be there, so prepare to get fucked down
The homies wanna kick it, but I'm just laughin' at cha
'Cause you's a down-ass bitch and I ain't mad at cha

[Chorus: Danny Boy & 2Pac]
I ain't mad at cha
I ain't mad at cha
I ain't mad at cha
A true down-ass bitch and I ain't mad at cha

[Verse 3: 2Pac]
Well, guess who's movin' up? This nigga's ballin' now
Bitches be callin' to get it, hookers keep fallin' down
He went from nothin' to lots, ten carats to rock
Went from a nobody nigga to the big man on the block
He's Mr. Local-Celebrity, addicted to movin' ki's
Most hated by enemies, escape in the luxury
See, first you was our nigga, but you made it so the choice is made
Now we gotta slay you while you faded, in the younger days
So full of pain while the weapons blaze
Gettin' so high off that bomb, hopin' we make it to the better days
'Cause crime pays, and in time, you'll find a rhyme'll blaze
You'll feel the fire from the niggas in my younger days
So many changed on me, so many tried to plot
That I keep a Glock beside my head, when will it stop?
'Til God return me to my essence
'Cause even as an adolescent, I refused to be a convalescent
So many questions and they ask me if I'm still down
I moved up out of the ghetto, so I ain't real now?
They got so much to say, but I'm just laughin' at cha
You niggas just don't know, but I ain't mad at cha

[Chorus: Danny Boy & 2Pac]
I ain't mad at cha
I ain't mad at cha
I ain't mad at cha
Hell nah, I ain't mad at cha
I ain't mad at cha
And I ain't mad at cha
I ain't mad at cha
I ain't mad at cha
I ain't mad at cha
I ain't mad at cha[Intro: Skit]
— What's up?
— Yo, this scene: rollers tried to jack a nigga 'cause a nigga with a pearl rollin' on a Coupé with goldens
— Yo, man, what's up? This riding motherfucker, jack me at rollin' 'round bumping, ’cause music's too loud, you know what I'm sayin'?
— Yo, this is P-O to the G-O
— Motherfuckin' cop just jacked me, 'cause I was drinking beer in Mill Valley
— What's up, man?
— A'ight, man, fuck 'em

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
I don't give a fuck
They done pushed me to my limit, I'm all in
I might blow up any minute, did it again
And now I'm in the back on the paddy wagon
While this cop's bragging about the nigga he's jackin'
I see no justice, all I see is niggas dyin' fast
The sound of a gun blast, then watch the hearse pass
Just another day in the life, G
Gotta step lightly, 'cause cops tried to snipe me
The cabs, they don't wanna stop for a brother, man
But damn near have an accident to pick up another man
I went to the bank to cash my check
I get more respect from the motherfuckin' dope man
The Grammys and American Music shows
They pimp us like hoes, take our dough, but they hate us, though
You better keep your mind on the real shit
And fuck tryin' to get with these crooked-ass hypocrites
The way they see it, we was meant to be kept down
Just can't understand why we gettin' respect, now
Mama told me there'd be days like this
But I'm pissed, 'cause it stays like this
And now they're trying to ship me off to Kuwait?
Give me a break! How much shit can a nigga take?
I ain't going nowhere, no how
Bush wanna throw down?
You better bring the gun, pal
'Cause this is the day we make 'em pay
Fuck bailing hay, I better spray with an AK
And even if they shoot me down
There'll be another nigga bigger
From the motherfuckin' underground
So, step but you better step quick
'Cause the clock's going tick and I'm sick of the bullshit
You're watching the makings of a psychopath
But you sit and laugh before the wrath and aftermath
Who's that behind the trigger?
Who do you think? A motherfuckin' 90's nigga
Ready to buck and rip shit up, I had enough!
(Yeah) And I just don't give a fuck

[Verse 2: Pogo]
Nigga, it ain't just the blacks
It's also a gang of motherfuckers dressed in blue slacks
They say niggas hang in packs and they attitude is shitty
So, tell me, who's the biggest gang of niggas in the city?
They say we niggas like to do niggas
So me and a cop are just two niggas
A street-walkin' nigga and a beat-walkin' nigga
With a badge, I end his future and his past
With a blast, take his cash before I dash, I bash his head in
Dump him at the dead end and that's just his luck
'Cause a nigga like P don't really give a fuck

[Verse 3: 2Pac]
Walked in the store, what's everybody staring at?
They act like they never seen a motherfucker wearing black
Following a nigga and shit—ain't this a bitch?
All I wanted was some chips
I wanna take my business elsewhere, but where?
’Cause who in the hell cares
About a black man with a black need?
They wanna jack me like some kind of crack fiend
I wonder if he knows that my income
Is more than his pension, salary and then some
Your daughter is my number one fan
And your trife-ass wife wants a life with a black man
So who's the mack? In fact, who's the blackjack?
Sit back and get fat off the fat cat
While he thinks that he's getting over
I bust a move as smooth as Casanova
And count another quick mill'
I'm getting paid for my trade, but I'm still real
And if you look between the lines you'll find a rhyme
As strong as a fuckin' nine
Mail stacked up, niggas wanna act up
Let's put the gats up and throw your blacks up
But the cops getting dropped by the gun shot
Used to come but he's done, now we run the block
To my brothers: stay strong, keep your heads up
They know we fed up
But they just don't give a fuck
(They just don't give a fuck)

[Outro: 2Pac]
I gotta give my fuck offs
Fuck you to the San Francisco Police Department
Fuck you to the Marin County Sheriff's Department
Fuck you to the FBI
Fuck you to the CIA
Fuck you to the B-U-S-H
Fuck you to the Ameri-K-K-Ka
Fuck you to all you redneck prejudice motherfuckers
That wanna fuck with me, fuck y'all!
Punk-gay insensitive little dick bastards
2Pacalypse motherfuckerin' now
Y'all can all kiss my ass and suck my dick
And my Uncle Tommy's balls
Fuck y'all
Punks![Produced by Easy Mo Bee]

[Intro]
A coward dies a thousand deaths
A soldier dies but once

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
They say pussy and paper is poetry, power and pistols
Plotting on murdering motherfuckers 'fore they get you
Picturing pitiful punk niggas copping pleas
Puffing weed as I position myself to clock G's
My enemies scatter in suicidal situations
Never to witness the wicked shit that they was facin'
Pockets is packed with presidents, pursue your riches
Evading the playa hating tricks while hitting switches
Bitches is bad-mouth, ‘cause brawling motherfuckers is bold
But charge them hoes; the game should be sold
I'm sick of psychotic society, somebody save me
Addicted to drama, so even Mama couldn't raise me
Even the preacher and all my teachers couldn't reach me
I run in the streets and puffing weed with my peeps
I'm duckin' the cops, I hit the weed as I'm clutchin' my Glock
Niggas is hot when I hit the block; what if I die tonight?

[Chorus: 2Pac & Dr. Dre]
If I die tonight
If I die tonight
Fuck it, If I die tonight
Tonight's the night I get in some shit

[Verse 2: 2Pac]
Polish your pistols, prepare for battle, pass the pump
When I get to poppin', niggas is droppin' then they done
Calling the coroner, come collect the fucking corpse
He got hit by a killer, preoccupied with being boss
Revenge is the method
Whenever steppin', keep a weapon close
Adversaries are overdosed over deadly notes
Jealous niggas and broke bitches equal packed jails
Hit the block and fill your pockets, making crack sales
Picture perfection, pursuing paper with a passion
Visions of prisons for all the pussies that I blasted
Running with criminals individuals with no remorse
Try to stop me, my pistol posse's using deadly force
In my brain all I can think about is fame
The police know my name, a different game, ain't a thing changed
I'm seeing cemetery photos of my peers
Conversating like they still here; if I die tonight

[Chorus: 2Pac & Dr. Dre]
If I die tonight
Scare to die nigga, is ya, ha?
If I die tonight
Never fear, never worry
If I die tonight
Tonight's the night I get in some shit

[Verse 3: 2Pac]
Pussy and paper is poetry, power and pistols
Plotting on murdering motherfuckers 'fore they get you
Pray to the Heaven's, .357's to the sky
And I hope I'm forgiven for thug livin' when I die
I wonder if Heaven got a ghetto for thug niggas
A stress free life and a spot for drug dealers
Pissing while practicing how to pimp and be a playa
Overdose of a dick while drinking liquor when I lay her
Pistol whippin' these simps, for being petrified and lame
Disrespecting the game, praying for punishment and pain
Going insane, never die, I live eternal, who shall I fear?
Don't shed a tear for me, nigga, I ain't happy here
I hope they bury me and send me to my rest
Headlines reading 'Murdered to death', my last breath
Take a look, picture a crook on his last stand
Motherfuckers don't understand; if I die tonight

[Chorus: 2Pac & Dr. Dre]
Nigga, if I die tonight
No fear nigga, never worry
If I die tonight
Bury me a motherfucking G, closed casket fuck it
If I die tonight
You know
Tonight's the night I get in some shit

[Outro: 2Pac & Dr. Dre]
Kill, kill, kill, murder, murder, murder
Kill, kill, kill, murder, murder, murder
Kill, kill, kill, murder, murder, murder
Tonight's the night I get in some shit
Kill, kill, kill, murder, murder, murder
Kill, kill, kill, murder, murder, murder[Intro]
There was a little and a pur... [*BEEP*]
Through two Suburbans and... [*BEEP*]
There was a little and a pur... [*BEEP*]
Through two Suburbans and... [*BEEP*]
There was a little and a pur... [*BEEP*]
Through two Suburbans and... [*BEEP*]
There was a little and a pur... [*BEEP*]
Through two Suburbans and... [*BEEP*]
There was a little and a pur... [*BEEP*]
Through two Suburbans and... [*BEEP*]
There was a little and a pur... [*BEEP*]
Through two Suburbans and... [*BEEP*]

[Hook]
Word is bond, bond is life
I give my life before my word shall fail
A soldier's oath, freedom of death
And I won't stop if I fail
Word is bond, bond is life
I give my life before my word shall fail
A soldier's oath, freedom of death
And I won't stop if I fail

[Refrain: Stic.man]
If I fail get back, can't be soft got to be tough
If I fall get back, can't be soft got to be tough
If I fail get back, can't be soft got to be tough
If I fall get back, can't be soft got to be tough

[Verse 1: Stic.man]
Failure, it's not an option
Real recognize real let's get it poppin'
With mathematics you can solve any problem
That's how we make it from the top to the bottom
Keep ya head up homie and stay confident
It's negativity around but I'm positive
Cuz I'm givin' everything that I got to give
Stayin' true to myself, that's how I keep it real

[Hook]
Word is bond, bond is life
I give my life before my word shall fail
A soldier's oath, freedom of death
And I won't stop if I fail
Word is bond, bond is life
I give my life before my word shall fail
A soldier's oath, freedom of death
And I won't stop if I fail

[Verse 2: M-1]
If I fail then I'll rise
Like a phoenix before yo eyes
Out the ashes and from the dirt
Report for duty and put in work
Eternal life, an iron will
Man sharpens man, steel sharpens steel
The hate you gave, we turn to love
Rest in peace, one thug one love

[Verse 3: Stic.man]
We can't be stopped if we don't give up
Even though they hold us back we still find ways to come up
A lot of people make promises with no plans to keep 'em
But me, no matter what I'm ridin' 'til I get my freedom
If I fail, then it's only a challenge to go harder
Don't want to be no martyr so I adapt to things smarter
It's death before dishonor
And I put that on my son and my momma
And don't take it as a threat, that's a promise

[Hook]
Word is bond, bond is life
I give my life before my word shall fail
A soldier's oath, freedom of death
And I won't stop if I fail
Word is bond, bond is life
I give my life before my word shall fail
A soldier's oath, freedom of death
And I won't stop if I fail

[Verse 4: M-1]
If in my quest to achieve my goals
I stumble or crumble or even lose my soul
Those that knew me would easily co-sign
That there was never a life as hard as mine
No father, no money, no chance, no guide
I only follow my voice inside
If it guides me wrong and I do not win
I'll learn from mistakes and try to achieve again

[Bridge]
Dedicated to the youth, the truth is the seed
The stronger the root, the stronger the tree
If we eat from the fruit, the stronger we be
If we do it today, tomorrow we free
Dedicated to the youth, the truth is the seed
The stronger the root, the stronger the tree
If we eat from the fruit, the stronger we be
If we do it today, tomorrow we free

[Hook]
Word is bond, bond is life
I give my life before my word shall fail
A soldier's oath, freedom of death
And I won't stop if I fail
Word is bond, bond is life
I give my life before my word shall fail
A soldier's oath, freedom of death
And I won't stop if I fail
Word is bond, bond is life
I give my life before my word shall fail
A soldier's oath, freedom of death
And I won't stop if I fail
Word is bond, bond is life
I give my life before my word shall fail
A soldier's oath, freedom of death
And I won't stop if I fail

[Outro]
Yeah, y'all put ya twos up for 2Pac
Dead Prez collaboration
It's only two choices man, ball or fall
Rose that grew from concrete
And we still growin'[Verse 1]
Ever since you was a pee-wee, down by my knee with a wee-wee
We been coochie-coo all through school, you and me, G
Back in the days we played practical jokes on
Everybody smoked with they locs and they yokes on
All through high school, girls by the dozens
Saying we cousins, knowing that we wasn't
But like the old saying goes
Times goes on, and everybody grows
Grew apart, had to part, went our own ways
You chose the dope game, my microphone pays
In many ways we were paid in the old days
So far away from the crazies with AK's
And though I been around clowning with the Underground
I'm still down with my homies from the hometown
And if you need, need anything at all
I drop it all for y'all, if my homies call

[Chorus]
"If you ever need a place to stay"
“Well, alright, y'all”
“Brothers and sisters”

[Verse 2]
It's a shame, you chose the dope game
Now you slang 'caine on the streets with no name
It was plain that your aim was mo' 'caine
You got fame now you run with no shame
I chose rapping tracks to make stacks
In fact I travel the map with raps that spray cats
But now I don't wanna down my homie
No matter how low you go, you're not lowly
And I, hear that you made a few enemies
But when you need a friend you can depend on me, call
If you need my assistance, there'll be no resistance
I'll be there in an instant
Who am I to judge another brother, only on his cover
I'd be no different than the other
H-to-the-O-to-the-M-to-the-I-to-the-E
I'm down to the E-N-D
Cause it's a fall in no time at all
I'm down for y'all, when my homies call
Word, if my homies call

[Chorus]
"If you ever need a place to stay"
“Well, alright, y'all”
“Brothers and sisters”

[Verse 3]
Well, it's ninety-one and I'm living kinda swell now
But I hear that you're going through some hell, pal
But life making records ain't easy
It ain't what I expected, it's hectic, it's sleazy
But I guess that the streets is harder
Trying to survive in the life of a young godfather
My homies is making it elsewhere
Striving, working nine to five with no health care
We both had dreams of being great
But his deferred and blurred and changed in shape
It's fate, it wasn't my choice to make
To be great, I'm giving it all it takes
Trying to shake, the crates and fakes and snakes
I gotta take my place or fall from grace
The foolish way, the pace is quick and great
Smiling face to hide the trace of hate
But my homie would never do me wrong
That's why I wrote this song, if you ever need me, it's on
No matter who the foe they must fall
Us against them all I'm down to brawl if my homies call

[Chorus]
"If you ever need a place to stay"
“Well, alright, y'all”
“Brothers and sisters”[Intro: Providence & RasDaveed]
Ooooh Ooooh
Tell me I will be there
Tell me I will be there
Tell me I will be there
Tell me I will be there
Yeah....

[Verse 1: Providence]
If there be pain
All you have to do is call on me
If there be pain (hmm hmmm)
All you have to do is call on me
To be with you (to be with you)
And before you hang up the phone
You will no longer be alone
Together we can never fall
Because our love will conquer all

[RasDaveed chants]

[Verse 2: Providence]
If there be pain
Reach out for a helping hand
If there be pain
And I shall hold you wherever I am
Every breath I breathe will be into you
For without you here my joy is through
My life was lived through falling rain
So call on me if there be pain

[Outro: Providence & RasDaveed El Harar]
If there be pain
Every breath I breathe will be into you
For without you here my joy is through
My life was lived through falling rain
So call on me if there be pain

If you need me
If you need me
Ooohh ooooh[Intro: 2Pac]
If my enemies love their kids
Only if my enemies love their kids
If my enemies love their kids
If my enemies love their kids
Only if my enemies love their kids

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Hey, why have drama
Nigga, your baby mama stay right around the corner
I could touch her if I fuckin' wanna
So why you wanna insist to diss?
I got your name at the top of "fuckin' dead bitch" list
Meet Mr. Makaveli's terror, mack of the year, thug of the era
Death Row and Outlawz, nobody does this shit better
My lyrics explode on contact, best prepare for combat
Ain't no stoppin' so bomb back
It's the last days, niggas is dyin' for bullshit
MAC-11 is heavy, yet I'm ready to pull quick
Niggas ain't ready for a brother that's livin' major
Bear witness to a sick motherfucker that's spittin' razors
When I cut 'em they cut, when I stick 'em they stuck
And my ambitions to bust, 'cause I ain't givin' a fuck
We tore the neighborhood up, look at all the shit that we did
Murder's a life long bids, if my enemies love they kids

[Hook: 2Pac]
You don't wanna die
And I don't wanna kill ya
Keep my name out ya mouth
'fore a nigga have to drill ya
All my enemies buried for the shit that they did
Don't make me murder you nigga
If my enemies love their kids

[Verse 2: 2Pac]
Bodies is wrapped in plastic, nigga, this is drastic
Just takes a nigga with the right automatic to cause static
Like a Mossberg dumpin', and muthafucker'll do jumpin'
Make 'em role of a bitch, like Michael Jackson, " Wanna Be Startin' Somethin' "
Holla at my crew and they perish, who do you cherish?
Got that ass in my sight
Tonight I'm bussin' off the terrace with multiple gun shots
Niggas is droppin' rapidly, bussin' at crooked cops
Them bitches is runnin' after me, tell 'em I'm high
When they ask "why I'm trippin' out the top of my drop?"
'Cause you know why?
Keep dippin' on my block they sell rocks and box with frail cops
If not we buss shots from Glocks, fuck cops
My only fear of death, can you hear me, it's "comin' back"
Had enough of this bullshit world so none of that
I felt no remorse for all the shit that we did
Niggas dyin', hear the sirens, if my enemies love their kids

[Hook: 2Pac]
You don't wanna die
And I don't wanna kill ya
Keep my name out ya mouth
'fore a nigga have to drill ya
All my enemies buried for the shit that they did
Don't make me murder you nigga
If my enemies love their kids

[Interlude: 2Pac]
You muthafuckin' right
These niggas better wise up
It’s a real muthafuckin' war nigga
You don't wanna get with me
How the fuck you gon' get with me
If you got kids muthafucker
If my enemies love they kids
I’ma let my lil' homeboys ride on you busta muthafuckers
'Cause y’all don't feel me
Eh yo Mu, K, Malc
Ride on these bitch ass mothafuckers
Ride on 'em!

[Verse 3: Napoleon]
I don't even wanna talk no more
Losin' your life, what for?
Facin' a young muthafucker who puts it down for the dough
Get killed in front of your kids, God forbid if it happen
'Cause the shit I'm on now I'm taking pass on us rappin'
Gotta survive by myself, but at the same time get wealth
Won't put my gun on the shelf, it keeps me livin' like heaven
But when the shit jumps I'm ready 'cause I already knew
You better get us muthafucker 'fore we come get you
Deep in my heart I think this shit's about to pop any moment
Tryna do me like my parents but I'm a tougher opponent

[Verse 4: Kastro]
This nigga scared, must be rusty and all I'm prepared
For all the drama, you stayed with all them niggas you feared
You fuckin' busta, musta let the evil or the money trap you and slappin' at'chu
Every second we comin' at you and you the last one
When no rocksis tryna cast one
Guess a young rider who would die for fuckin' blast of that thug passion
Clashin' on enemies passin'
Gigglin' when they should've been figurin' who would be the last one, laughin'
While I switch your wig, I gotta ask y’all somethin'
"Don’t y'all muthafuckers got kids?"[Intro: Shock G & 2Pac]
Round and round (aw yeah)
Round and round, round we go (I get around)
Round and round
Still clown with the Underground, when we come around
Round and round, round we go (stronger than ever)
Round and round

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Back to get wrecked, all respect
To those who break their neck to keep their hoes in check
‘Cause, oh, they sweat a brother majorly
And I don't know why your girl keeps pagin' me
She tell me that she needs me, cries when she leaves me
And every time she sees me, she squeeze me—lady, take it easy!
Hate to sound sleazy, but tease me
I don't want it if it's that easy
Ayo, bust it, baby got a problem saying "bye-bye"
Just another hazard of a fly guy
You ask "Why?", don't matter, my pockets got fatter
Now everybody's lookin' for the latter
And ain't no need in being greedy, if you wanna see me
Dial the beeper number, baby, when you need me
And I'll be there in a jiffy
Don't be picky, just be happy with this quickie
When will ya learn you can't tie me down
Baby doll, check it out: I get around

[Chorus: Shock G & 2Pac]
What you mean you don't know?
Round and round, around we go
I get around, the Underground just don't stop for hoes
Round and round
I get around, still down with the Underground
Round and round, around we go
I get around, yeah, ayo Shock, let them hoes know
Round and round

[Verse 2: Shock G & Money B]
Now you can tell from my everday fits I ain't rich
So cease and desist with them tricks (tricks)
I'm just another black man caught up in the mix (mix)
Tryna make a dollar out of 15 cents (a dime and a nickel)
Just cause I'm a freak don't mean that we could hit the sheets
Baby, I can see, that you don't recognize me
I'm Shock G, the one who put the satin on your panties
Never knew a hooker that could share me; I get around

[Verse 3: Money B & Shock G]
What's up, love? How you doin'? (all right)
Well, I've been hangin', sangin' tryna do my thang, oh, you heard that I was bangin'
Your homegirl you went to school with? That's cool
But did she tell you about her sister and your cousin? Thought I wasn't (uhh)
See, weekends were made for Michelob
But it's a Monday, my day, so just let me hit it, yo
And don't mistake my statement for a clown
We can keep in the down low long as you know that I get around

[Chorus: Shock G & 2Pac]
Round and round, around we go
2Pacalypse Now don't stop for hoes, I get around
Round and round
Round and round, around we go
Why I ain't call you? Hahahah, please!
Round and round

[Verse 4: 2Pac]
Finger tips on the hips as I dip
Gotta get a tight grip, don't slip; loose lips sink ships
It's a trip, I love the way she licks her lips, see me jockin'
Put a little twist in her hips ‘cause I'm watchin'
Conversations on the phone 'til the break of dawn
Now we're all alone, why the lights on?
Turn them off! Time to set it off, get you wet and soft
Somethin' is on your mind, let it off
You don't know me, you just met me, you won't let me
Well, if I couldn't have it (silly rabbit) why you sweatin' me?
It's a lot of real G's doin' time
Cause a groupie bent the truth and told a lie
You picked the wrong guy, baby, if you're too fly
You need to hit the door, search for a new guy
'Cause I only got one night in town
Break out or be clowned, baby doll are you down?
I get around

[Outro: Shock G]
Round and round, around we go
Round and round, around we go, uhh
Round and round, around we go
Round and round, around we go
Round and round, round we go
Round and round, round we go
Round and round, round we go, whoa
Round and round we go
Round and round
Round and round
Round and round
Round and roundI know my heart has lied before
but now it speaks with honesty
of an invisible bond of friendship
that was formed in secrecy
Coming from me this may seem hard
but 2 GOD I swear it's truth
We R friends for eternity
and Forever I will always love u

With All My Heart,
&
"Spirit"

P.S. Just so u don't forget that
I am here for u. U R a true
friend.[Intro: devil]
Pssst... psssssst... heyyoo...
Are you afraid to die, or do you wanna live forever
Tell me, which one ?

[1st verse: 2pac]
They wanna bury me, I'm worried -- I'm losin my mind
Look down the barrel of my nine and my vision's blurry
Fallin to pieces, am I guilty?
I pray to the Lord but he ignores me unfortunately cuz I'm guilty
Show me a miracle I'm hopeless -- I'm chokin off marijuana smoke
With every toke its like I'm losin focus
Fallin to sleep while I'm at service, when will I die?
Forever paranoid and nervous because I'm high
Don't mention funerals I'm stressin, and goin nutty
And reminiscin bout them niggas that murdered my buddy...

[Chorus: 2pac]
The motherfuckers pass
By me like they know me, smilin as they laugh
I put up my middle finger then I dash
Niggas don't like me cuz I'm thuggin' and everyday I'm a hustler...
Lookin to get paid

[2nd verse: 2pac]
I wonder when will I be happy, ain't nothin funny
Flashbacks of bustin caps, anythin for money
Where am I goin I discovered, can't nothin save me
My next door neighbor's havin convo with undercovers
Put a surprise in the mailbox, hope she get it
Happy birthday bitch, you know you shouldn'ta did it
Everydoy's dyin am I next -- who can I trust?
Will they be G's, and they look at me before they bust?
Or will they killin me while I'm sleepin, two to the head
While I'm in bed, leakin blood on my satin sheets
Is there a heaven for a baller? I'm gettin suspicious
Of this bitch the line busy everytime I call her
Now she's tellin me to visit, who else is home?
I check the house before I bone, so we all alone
After I nut I hit the highway -- see ya later
To all the players watch the fly way a nigga played her

[Chorus]

[3rd verse: 2pac]
The bitch tellin all her homies -- that I can fuck her like no other
Now them other bitches wanna bone me
I'm under pressure gettin drunk, somebody help me
I drink a fifth a Hennesey I don't think it's healty
I see my enemies they creepin, don't make me blast
I watch the five-oh's roll, the motherfukers pass
They wanna bury me, I'm worried -- no need to lie
I pray to God I don't scream when it's time to fry
Nowhere to rest I'm loosin homies, ain't that a bitch
When I was rich I had clout, now a nigga's lonely
I put the pistol to my head -- and say a prayer...
I see visions of me dead, Lord are you there?

[Chorus]

[4th verse: 2pac]
Then tell me am I lost cuz I'm lonely
I thought I had friends but in the end a nigga dies lonely
Nowhere to run I'm in terror -- and on one cares
A closed casket at my funeral and on one's there
Is there a future for a killer? I change my ways
But still that don't promise me the next day
So I stay thuggin with a passion, forever blastin
I'm bustin on these motherfuckers in my madness
They wonder if I'm hellbound... well hell can't be worse than this cuz I'm in hell now
Don't make me hurt you I don't want to -- but I will
Seen motherfuckers killed over phone bills
Never will I die I'll be back
Reincarnated as a motherfuckin mack
I love it cause in Heaven there's no shortage on G's
I'm tellin you now, you motherfuckers don't know me... you don't know me

[Chorus]

Hustlerrrrr[Hook: 2Pac]
'Cuz I'm a soldier
I just release 'em on a war path, not your average dealer
I'm a soldier
Westside Outlaw, Bad Boy killer

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Started off with, runnin from copses duck and hide from helicopters
We open fire, who can stop us
Livin the life of trife juveniles, hopin for righteous
Gettin twenty-five to life, if the judge don't like us
In my clearest pictures, I see authorities itchin to get us
ATF state feds scandalous bitches
I wasn't promised to it, wasn't bitter or sweet
See if a, nigga don't hustle then the nigga don't eat
Only streets livin do or die circle complete
Repetitive motions and felons in the rush for cheese
Please understand my history a man of many acts
Livin Thug Life, comin equipped, with many gats
Maybe I was just a Lost Soul, trapped in time
Livin in between life, and the cracks were blind
Even though we had hope for dreams that never came
Yet and still we all feel pain

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Young Noble]
My brother Sean, first on my list, he stuck with
A three-five when he get out would I be dead or alive
He taught me the rules so much, but still In Thugs I Trust
When in danger never hesitate to keep my fuckin trap shut
My Mom Dukes got a little bit of Thug in her
The Devil loves sinners crackheads and drug dealer
Sometimes I feel like the streets are takin over
Never stayin sober, the brain over and over backtrack
My stack's fat, I used to take new

[Hook]

[Verse 3: E.D.I. Mean]
I was born twenty-two years ago, yesterday
But see I saw no reason for me to celebrate, let me demonstrate
Entered the world from out a poisonous womb
Heroin bein consumed already predicitin my doom, soon
To be one of the many misguided
Always the first one on the block to be done tried it and liked it
Lost before I had a chance to find my way
Now I travel through life, not knowin the time of day

[Outro: 2Pac]
Thug niggas screamin Westside, bustin double Glocks...
You gotta be soldiers alright!
Soldiers![Intro]
Get money nigga
Yeah - aw yeah
Dedicate this one to all the hustlers
That get up every motherfuckin' mornin' and put they work in
I see you - I see you boy

[Verse 1]
I'm up before sunrise first to hit the block
Lil' bad motherfucker with a pocket full of rocks
Learned to throw them thangs, get my skinny lil' ass kicked
Niggas laughed, 'til the first motherfucker got blas-ted
I put the nigga in his casket
And now they coverin' the bastard in plastic
I smoke blunts on the regular fuck when it counts
Tryin' to make a million dollars out a quarter ounce
Gettin' ghost on the five-o, fuck them hoes
Got a forty-five screamin' out surviv-al
Hey nigga can I lay low, cook some ya-yo
Holla "five-o" when I say so
Don't wanna go to the pen', I'm hittin' fences
NARC's on a nigga back missin' me by inches
And they say how do you survive, weighin' one-fifty-five
In the city where the little niggas die
Tell mama don't cry, cause even if they kill me
They can never take the life of a real G

[Hook]
I'm gettin' money (money)
I'm gettin' money (money)
I'm gettin' money (money)
I'm gettin' money (money)

[Collision]
Yeah, get paid nigga
I gotta get []
Get paid bwooy (fuck the police)
Watch out for all this, nigga

[Verse 2]
Still on parole and I'm the first nigga servin'
Pour some liquor on the curb, for my homies that deserve it
If I wanna make a million, gotta stay dealin'
Kinda boomin' round the way, think today I make a killin'
Dressin' down like I'm dirty, but only on the block
Just a clever disguise, to keep me runnin' from the cops
I'm gettin' high, think I'll die if I don't get no ends
I'm in a bucket but I'm ridin' it like it's a Benz
I hit the strip I let my music buck
Drinkin' liquor and I'm lookin' for a bitch to fuck
Rather die makin' money, than live poor and legal
As I slang another ounce, I wish it was a kilo
I need money in a major way
Time to fuck my girl, she gettin' paid today, ha hah ha
I live Thug Life and let the money come to me
Cause they can never take the game from a young G

[Hook]
I'm gettin' money (money)
I'm gettin' money (money)
I'm gettin' money (money)
I'm gettin' money (money)

[Collision]
Yeah nigga, get paid
Can't fade me boy
To my niggas in Oaktown
Get money
That's right y'all
That's how we run the shit in '93 boy
Fuck them niggas [?]

[Verse 3]
Damned if I don't, and damned if a nigga do
Now watch a young motherfucker pull the trigger too
RAISE UP, and don't let them see ya cry
Dry your eyes, young nigga time for do or die
I pack a pistol in my pocket, ready on my Glock
Ain't no time for a nigga to even cock shit
I done seen a motherfucker peep pain
At point blank range cause he slept on the game
Ain't a damn thing changed, they shakin' the dice
Now roll 'em if you can't stand pain better hold 'em
Cause ain't no tellin' what ya might roll
You might fold catch AIDS from a slight cold
You better live ya life to the fullest
Be quick to kill a bull got a pistol motherfucker better pull it
And even if they kill me
They can never take the life of a young G

[Hook]
I'm gettin' money (money)
I'm gettin' money (money)
I'm gettin' money (money)
I'm gettin' money (money)
Gettin' money (gettin' money)

[Collision]
Gettin' paid nigga (that's right), for my niggas in the hood
That's right nigga, that's right boy enough for love
Talk to hold that shit boy [?]
Pass the shit
Gettin' paid (gettin' paid)[Intro]
Straight out the motherfuckin' Bay
Here we go

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Lord help me, save me, Mama keep prayin'
For a young motherfucker tryin' to duck an early grave
In the city where ya can't tell the snakes from the fakes
Fakes from the phonies, enemies of homies
Around the corner there's another nigga waitin' to jack
He don't know I got a Glock 'til his ass get shot
Like a motherfuckin' thug disease
Cravin' beats like they motherfuckin' drugs to me, hey
What's up with bitches tryin' to screw me? Do me cause I did a movie
Throw the pussy to me but before they never knew me
Rather die then let ya play me for a, buster
And with my Glock I'm a plottin' ass rotten motherfucker, huh
Don't let the movie fool ya, let me school ya
Screamin' Thug Life nigga when I do ya
I'm goin' crazy, gettin' dizzy
And then I snap again a motherfuckin' breather bring me back
I'm tellin' ya I'm losin' it

[Chorus]
Said I'm losin' my mind
Losin' my mind
Said I'm losin' my mind
Losin' my mind
Said I'm losin' my mind
Losin' my mind
Said I'm losin' my mind
Losin' my mind

[Verse 2: Big Syke]
I'm goin' crazy, niggas can't fade me
On the real I kill when I step to ya fuckin' grill
So let me kick it let me flip it let me get wicked
I'm not a buster from the hood sellin' wolf tickets
I hang with G's flippin' keys and smokin' weed
I get the cash and dash and never learn to read
So fuck a bitch fuck a ho and I let ya know
Because they come and go like the wind blows
What am I givin' how I'm livin' what I'm givin' up
You can take my life and I don't give a fuck
Cause I'm the trouble most comin' from the west coast
Where the niggas is bangin' 'til the overdose
Killers and murderers, psychos and lunatics
Nobody knows what makes my mind click
Is it the demons, screamin' inside of me?
Hell no it's just the Thug Life mentallity
I'm goin' crazy shit don't phase me
I'm livin' like a thug 'til six niggas carry me
Death is on the trigga so pull it
I can't take it no more, nigga, I'm losin' it

[Chorus]
Said I'm losin' my mind
Losin' my mind
Said I'm losin' my mind
Losin' my mind
Said I'm losin' my mind
Losin' my mind
Said I'm losin' my mind
Losin' my mind

[Verse 3: Spice 1]
Shit was talkin' to me, my gat screamed fire
The bullet told me shoot that motherfucker he's a liar
I talked to me 3-80 like a bitch on a stroll
When my niggas try to dick me
Nigga, I can't get fucked in this game I'm a psychopath
My AK told me to shove him up some niggas ass
I'm havin' long conversations with Mr. Millimeter
He's one of my best friends bitch ass nigga eater
And Miss Mossburg love it in the back trunk
You know that old school bitch she like to get it funked
And spittin' motherfuckers by the seems
My grand daddy Mr. AR-15
By the evil motherfucker
Talked me into takin' over a dope turf and shootin' cluckers
Said he was my only family
Shoot straight, and please don't jam me
Got in a fight at the club my gat started talkin'
Told me to shut the fuck up and let him do the talkin'
I woke up and it was sick to see the guts hang
I'm goin' nuts man
Shit was talkin' to me

[Chorus]
Said I'm losin' my mind
Losin' my mind
Said I'm losin' my mind
Losin' my mind
Said I'm losin' my mind
Losin' my mind
Said I'm losin' my mind
Losin' my mind
Said I'm losin' my mind
Losin' my mind
Said I'm losin' my mind
Losin' my mind
Said I'm losin' my mind
Losin' my mind
Said I'm losin' my mind
Losin' my mind
Said I'm losin' my mind
Losin' my mind
Said I'm losin' my mind
Losin' my mind[Intro: Makaveli]
Hmmhmm
Outlaw Immortalz, biatch
Syke, Big muthafuckin' Syke
A.k.a. Mussolini
(Outlaw Immortalz)
Yaki Kadafi up in this biatch
Fatal, Komani (Outlaw Immortalz)
And 2Pac Makaveli
Outlaw Immortalz
You know how we do this shit nigga

[Verse 1: Makaveli]
Give me my money in stacks, and lace my bitches with dime figures
Real niggas fingers on nickel plated 9 triggers
Must see my enemies defeated, I catch 'em while they coked up and weeded
Open fire, now them niggas bleedin'
Give me my lyrics full of fury, and make every line shine like jewelry
Indicting niggas like the grand jury
Make 'em regret the day they met me, the playa hatin' niggas resent me
'Cause all they tricks is in a rush to sex me
But I've been heavy in this game since seventy one
The world ain't ready for my mom duke celebrity son
But now they ass out, my shits so lethal making jealous niggas pass out
To all my people who love the music on my last album
I must assure you this is better get ya cash out
Outlaw Immortal play the bitch and get your ass tossed
Run up in motherfuckas spots like I'm task force
Niggas is hoppin, but they ain't, jumpin' 'cause they petrified
You can hold my cassette up and best believe it'll get you high
(yeah nigga)
To all the playas on tha westside
We still be ballin' on these bitches when the rest die
Trying to maintain while these pussy niggas jockin' me
Attempt to copy me, they operatin' sloppily, there ain't no stoppin' me
I'm lost in the zone, suspicious 'cause the war's on
I gotta strategy, non cypher emphatically, my politics is bomb first
Go on cursed, tradin' war stories, seein' who went wrong first
Run with the brothers that love me, the ones that pull for me
Life got so many rewards nigga
Outlaw Immortalz!

[Verse 2: Fatal-n-Felony]

[Felony]
Your whole town be shaky
Don't you know the coke got flaky
Heard about me lately
Ain't no jails can straight me

[Fatal]
Eh yo my nines up
Got my startin' line up
Nigga just get your rhymes up
It's murderin' time up

[Felony]
Little cap kick back and relax
And ask who wanna fuck her?
Grab my pilla
Come down soon as a muthafucka busha

[Fatal]
What the fuck, what you nervous?
The first time you heard us
Thinkin' of murderous verbs, that try to serve us
To all y'all niggas from the block
That Fatal and Fel is on some West coast shit with 'Pac
But you got that shit twisted, like I'ma twist your body
Half sippin' Notty, then cock my shotty
These pellets hit, spittin' like cobra venom
Murderous game, I contain, I can off cold and fill him

[Felony]
Fatal and Felony will shine
Like diamonds and nickel nines
Corrupted cripplin' spines
When I creep up from behind
You silly barrel or get trampled nigga what
While these young thugs be leavin' shambles, in muthafuckas guts

[Fatal]
Niggas know the cut he must of been peelin', crazy or just dest
To get on or hit up, In his muthafuckin' chest
When I come around creepin', through your itty bitty checks
In his eyes, and peep out the suspect
Outlaw Immortal

[Verse 3: E.D.I.]
Check it, uh listen, come on
Outlaw Immortal, when this tussle, is on my [?] muscle
Off in this hustle, bustle, niggas be actin' tryin' to dust you
But fuck you, I ain't feelin' to be, laid, sprayed, and dead for days
Body partly decayed, a fuckin' dumpster as my grave
Can't find my body, so my casket had to be left empty
Don't even tempt me, had these niggas halved off in a fuckin' hefty
Still I done change, since I first to came
A lil' ridah, [?] you never knew, you never knew about this fuckin' game
But now my folks say I'm corrupted
So fuck it, I rather get lost, in this fuck shit, and [?] for my fuckin' dodgin'
Youngin' and thuggin' and that don't change even as I get older
I just get a little bit colder, stay a soldier while these niggas fold 'em
Throw up on stage never, still ready for whatever
Enjoyin' these sins of pleasure, Outlaw for fuckin' ever
Nigga

[Verse 4: Big Syke]
Outlaw
It's confirmed from the [?] concrete
No scapegoat, thug savage when my sweepers sweep
So rugged relentless, street royal relic
Crackin' hammers on domes, on bustas and rejects
Victors and violence, violations so vigorous
I know you real thugs feel this
An Ingle-Watts ledger, they ain't a legacy lost
You screamin' nation in my hood, got a Glock in my draws
This differ me from incarceration, in-fested with impurities
And at it with times, with police and activities
Cowards constantly cross a killers course
Corrupt to the core, confounded, no remorse
My territories in turmoil, my source full of terrorism
The terrain is insane, so for all my criticism
Engaged in the illest episode of evolution
Locked in a criminal institution
I'm a Outlaw ImmortalInterlude :
JayZ come out & play
Ayo Assassin give me one of them tracks
So i can ride on them motherfuckers
Mobb Deep , motherfuckers talking about
We can't rap

Verse01 :
I'm gettin' suspicious of this bitch
The line's busy everytime I call her
Now she's tellin' me to visit, who else is home?
I check the house before I bone, so we all alone
After I nut I hit the highway -- see ya later!
To all the players, watch the fly way a nigga played her
The bitch is tellin' all her homies
That I can fuck her like no other
Now them other bitches wanna bone me
I'm under pressure, gettin' drunk, somebody help me
I drink a fifth of Hennessy, I don't think it's healthy
I see my enemies, they creepin', don't make me blast
I watch the 5-0's roll, the motherfuckers pass
By me like they know me, smilin' as they laugh
I put up my middle finger, then I dash
Niggas don't like me, ‘cause I'm thuggin'
And every day I'm a hustler lookin' to get paid

Chorus :
Niggas don't like me, ‘cause I'm thuggin'
Ayo
Are you afraid to die, or do you wanna live forever?
Tell me, which one?
Niggas don't like me, ‘cause I'm thuggin'
Ayo
Are you afraid to die, or do you wanna live forever?
Tell me, which one?
Niggas don't like me, ‘cause I'm thuggin'
Ayo
Ayo
Ayo

Verse02 :
Fallin' to pieces, am I guilty? I pray to the Lord
But he ignores me, unfortunately, ‘cause I'm guilty
Show me a miracle, I'm hopeless
I'm chokin' off marijuana smoke
With every toke it's like I'm losin' focus
Fallin' to sleep while I'm at service, when will I die?
Forever paranoid and nervous, because I'm high
Don't mention funerals, I'm stressin' and goin' nutty
And reminiscin' 'bout them niggas that murdered my buddy
I wonder: When will I be happy? Ain't nothin' funny
Flashbacks of bustin' caps, anything for money
Where am I goin'? I discovered, can't nothin' save me
My next door neighbor's havin' convo with undercovers
Put a surprise in the mailbox, hope she get it
Happy birthday, bitch, you know you shouldn't have did it
Everybody's dyin', am I next? Who can I trust?
Will they be G's, and they look at me before they bust?[Interview]
(made nigga  to the grave nigga!)
you can't disrespect the loveall those ghettos and towns..I love y'allwassup y'all it's the thug lord 2Pac I'm coming back for sho' (made nigga to the grave)
harder and harderY'all can't fade me. Y'all can't turn on me don't change on me(this is it)you know what I meanwhat's poppin'all those ghettos all those..what's poppin'only god can judge usI'm riding y'all can't fade me , I'm
Ridingmade me #1 you know what I meanand I'm coming back fo' sho'So you can imagine how I feelThat's wrong[Verse 1: 2Pac]
They try to ban me, cause the brothas makin' noise a lot
I tear that asses and the boys
Bout to poison the block
They got me jocked
But now I'm strapped and gettin' hotter
Runnin' from the cop, as I try to cock my Glock
The war won't stop
That's why they wanna ban the music
You ever notice how the cops can't stand the music
See a black man coolin' with a mexican
We can all have peace on the sets again
Give a shout-out to my homies in the Pen', they try to keep us down 'fore we clown everytime we hit the Top-10
so why are people telling me I'm wrong for doing what I'm doingI'm a reflection of the community[Hook: Young noble] +[Interview]
Brothas talk a lot of shit, but that'a after you gone
Cause they fear you in a physical form
Outlaw in his own Words, they just get served
Stuck out on a block out when the drama occurs
Brothas talk a lot of shit, but that'a after you gone
Cause they fear you in a physical form
Outlaw in his own Words, they just get served
Stuck out on a block out when the drama occurs

[Verse 2: 2Pac]
Once again it's yo friend out of Oakland
Hopin' they keep the hip-hops clubs open
Now we can fight and let 'em close [?]
We can have peace and so we control them
Ain't nobody gettin' paid, it's a damn shame
Why gangbang brothas in the same gang take security to blame
Cause they lettin' it off, brothas come to have fun
But they settin' it off
One time make it worst when they sweat us
Send a army of pigs to come get us
So I'm runnin' out of time, and it's cool, down with my (homeboy put it down)

[Hook: Young noble] +[Interview]
Brothas talk a lot of shit, but that'a after you gone
Cause they fear you in a physical form
Outlaw in his own words, they just get served
Stuck out on a block out when the drama occurs
Brothas talk a lot of shit, but that'a after you gone
Cause they fear you in a physical form
Outlaw in his own words, they just get served
Stuck out on a block out when the drama occurs

[break]

[Interview 2]
you know what I mean going through tryna come up
And then get pulled up back 5 steps then you move make 8 steps and pull you back 18 steps so
To me it's not personal because they're all going through it. The only thing that makes it different and original with me is that people get to watch it from beginning to end like soap opera. You get to watch mine'severytime I think this is it and I go all out to beat that and I win or I lose then I come into the next one and it's worse. It's like the twilight zone. It's like some evil, unstoppable shit that is won't let me goI wanted to get out the game. I'm trying to get out the game and they wanna dirty up my memory. They wanna dirty up everything I worked forI feel as though what was done in the dark will come to lightwhat's the problem!attitude's them change it's not as sick as it used to beI can't front. It slowed me down. What went through my mind was 'like damn I'm shot', I couldn't believe I could ever get touchedThat's why I attack the way I do, because I'm a general and I'm a smart general and I'm not gonna attack at no blind soldierI feel like I'm doing it for hip hop all do is get me [?] outhell nah we goin taking it personal
and my choices have already been made even if I wanna change it
so that's how I know who shot me,what happened and everything they mad cause I know what happenedI feel as though what was done in the dark will come to light
the secrets that everybody is gon find out about that I don't  have to playa hater [?] about that will come out and you will find out for yourself and you'll know why I did it
But it's a game. It's the game of life, Do I win or do I lose?. I know one day they're gonna shut the game down but I gotta have as much fun and go around the board as many times as I can before it's my turn to leave


(what! ,Makaveli in his own words
What!, Outlaw in his own words
What!
What!)

Outlaw[Verse One: 2Pac]
Eternally thug nigga Hilfiger, made by Tommy
So when I speak, hope to reach my Boricua mammies
Oh, come to poppy, I love it when it's wet and sloppy
In and out the mouthpiece, until I cum, no one can stop me
My bump 'n' grind'll do ya every time
Come get a blast of this thug passion, it'll blow your mind
Hey! Throw up your legs, wrap them shits around my back
It's a Westside thing, fuckin' hoes around the map
Walkin' down 125 while I'm peepin' out hotties
And they, seduce my Jimmy, I'll be screamin', "Give me body"
Make 'em all scream my name out, give me my props
And don't ya, love how this thug nigga beat up the cop
I'm at the Rican parade, I'm watching caramel bitches play
Get with real niggas, bullshit ll never get you paid
This is the dream of a young black teen
I fiend for hoes cross country like a greedy crack fiend
Now c'mon

[Chorus]
(Hey girl)
I can tell that you want it
By the way your dancing on the floor
(Hey girl)
By the look in your eyes
I can tell you want some more
(Oh girl)
Don't worry 'bout it, just keep doing what you do
(Hey girl)
Girl, tonight you can be
International

[Verse 2: Nipsey Hussle]
Okay, look, check it out
Nipsey, when I pull up to the club on them chrome things
I'm crispy, shining from my wrist to my gold chain
Anywhere I go, I keep it hood, I never change
If it ain't up on my lap, got it stashed in the Range
Bang, bang, I'm getting bread on the proper
Private jet, anywhere I tell him he gon' fly to
My respect had these girls saying, "Daddy I do
Anything you ask," get it crackin' when I slide through
As God as my witness, right hand on the bible
In Tokyo, honey turned it up, arigatou
Got stroked fa sho, now up in Atlanta in the strip club
She thick, cuz, took me to the SWATS, where the crib was
Went full throttle, got it crackin', I ain't bashful
From the kitchen to the countertop, in the bathroom
Flips mo', trips mo' stamps on my passport
Told her drop me off at Hartsville, I'm international

[Chorus]
[Chorus]
(Hey girl)
I can tell that you want it
By the way your dancing on the floor
(Hey girl)
By the look in your eyes
I can tell you want some more
(Oh girl)
Don't worry bout it just keep doing what you do
(Hey girl)
Girl tonight you can be
International
(Young Dre The Truth, Makaveli
LT Hutton, Nipsey)
(Ohh, International)

[Verse 3: Young Dre]
It's Mr. Hoodnational, rider with a passport
Just landed from Paris homie pick me up, I'm at the airport
With two bottles of Moet and a bottle of Port
Can we, get something poppin' 'cause tomorrow got court
So of course I'm ready to get it, feel it going down right now
Hopped in the whip, popped the bottle, lit a blunt right now
Did about a buck-fifty, seconds later, the party right now
We celebrating Makaveli - 2Pacalypse Now
Escape through the front door, they shootin' up on tippy toes
Cruisin' up to get the dough
If you lose a chick then let her go
She done chose, it's over, bro
Look around, it's Harleyville
Dimes in high heels came from Japan to go to Cali to chill
They choosin' for real with no grill in my dental
Peep, my swagger tremendous, make moves monumental
It was me, three mamis, E-40 and 'Pac
At the Le Mondrian after party, it just don't stop

[Chorus]
(Hey girl)
(Ooh, riders)
I can tell that you want it
By the way your dancing on the floor
(Hey girl)
By the look in your eyes
I can tell you want some more
(Oh girl)
Don't worry bout it just keep doing what you do
(Hey girl)
Girl tonight you can be...International
(Ooh, rider's)[Intro: Geronimo Ji Jaga]
In the event of my demise
When my heart can beat no more
I hope I die for a principle
Or a belief that I have lived for
I will die before my time
Beacause I feel the shadow's depth
So much I wanted to acomplish
Before I reached my death
I have to come to grips with the possibility
And wiped the last tear from my eyes
I loved all who were positive
In the event of my demise

[Verse 1: Young Noble]
In the event of my demise don't shed no tear
I'll share my wizdom with the world, they'll know I was here
Know I was clear, every thing I said I ment
A outlaw, when I was born they prepared my ditch
Said I won't live long, statistic showed
I'm tryna past 24 realistic goal, listen all
You gotta stay cold inside
That's what I tell myself when I feel alone sometime
But I can't cry, I don't tear no more
I love god, from death I don't fear no more
A part taken in this movment to better my people
Though they see me on TV, I tell them we equal
Don't look at me as a stranger, I'm one of your own
We was rised in concrete and grew as a rose
Still I rise, but never get a chance to fly
Mama please don't cry
In the event of my demise

[Chorus: Young Noble]
In the event of my demise
Can't breathe no more
Hope I die for a princeple
Something I lived for
Dying before my time
Feel the shadows of depth
Trying to fulfill all my dreams before I reach my death
Came to grips with the possibility
The world's killing me, and my soldiers die young with no sympathy
I wipe the last tear from my eyes
I loved all who stand strong
In the event of my demise

[Verse 2: Napoleon]
If I should die before I awake
Let my family be stairght of the money I make
Give my son, what he needs, other than his father
Is it self respect, better get his honor
With the law come to swallow my soul, it's so big
Cause the street took enough of my life, we all see
It's a cycle make you feel psycho
Everything struggles behind this man, see nobody love you
Got a piece of the streets and it's gonna die with me
May your, soul forgive me
Makaveli's within me
In principle we stand by stronger than power
We gon' die by the rules you can never devour
On the earth from my birth fell nothing but pain
Only thing I ever gave was the baby the name
That's my heart, and if I should go I'll go on in sparks
That's the event of my demise, and it lurks in the dark

[Chorus: Young Noble]
In the event of my demise
Can't breathe no more
Hope I die for a princeple
Something I lived for
Dying before my time
Feel the shadows of depth
Trying to fulfill all my dreams before I reach my death
Came to grips with the possibility
The world's killing me, and my soldiers die young with no sympathy
I wipe the last tear from my eyes
I loved all who stand strong
In the event of my demise

[Verse 3: E.D.I. Mean]
Now as I stand here, a man here
Not a perfect one, but a searching one
Seek in another, blazing time
Sound crazy but I'm actually tryin to escape my mind
Tryna rise in time
But hoping that you didn't notice
When I was at my low as
So I knew they were watching, I couldn't stop it
So many things I wanted to accomplish
Too many dreams, wasted with no promise
From out the darkness I struggle to see the light
Rumble deep in the night
Hustlin with all of my might
Some won't see it that way
But us is given praise
But all of them will dream
That I did it my way
In the event of my demise

[Verse 4: Kastro]
I was born to a storm that won't lead up
And I was rased to stay brave with my head up
But thing ain't got better
We still gettin wetter in this bad weather
I need more than a sweater and a leather
Yo, ain't nothin ment to last forever
So the stuggling and the suffering ain't gon' last forever
And my will, probably be like two lines long
It will read I'm dead but my soul lives on
And my spirit still living though my body is gone
In the event of my demise I love all who stay strong
I love all who stay strong
In the event of my demise, com'on

[Outro: Geronimo Ji Jaga]
In the event of my demise
When my heart can beat no more
I hope I die for a princeple
Or a belief that I have lived for
I will die before my time
Beacause I feel the shadow's depth
So much I wanted to acomplish
Before I reached my death
I have to come to grips with the possibility
And wiped the last tear from my eyes
I loved all who were positive
In the event of my demiseIn the midst of passion 2 figures stand
emerged in ecstasy joined hand and hand
words R unnecessary feelings R heart
the body takes control deaf 2 words
It is at this stage that I think of u
in gratitude 4 this joy u have exposed me 2
Each Day is Bright with you as the Dawn
with the collapse of each night a strong bond is born
In the midst of passion I remember your kiss
I reminisce about your touch and suddenly miss
the scent u wear and the tone of your voice
Only u can be my choice
In the midst of passion
I c u & me
Lost in constant ecstasy!![Male Reporter]
At 12:25 AM Wednesday, 2Pac was on his way into a time square building to record at an eight-floor studio with another rapper. But in the lobby, Shakur was shot several times, including two graze wounds to the head. 2Pac's lawyers said the attack appeared to be a setup

[Female Reporter]
Against doctors orders, 2Pac Shakur checked himself out of the hospital less than 24 hours after being shot 5 times on the way into a Manhattan recording studio

[Male Reporter]
2Pac Shakur secures one clean legal victory this year, as he's dismissed of assault charges brought against him when he allegedly shot at two off-duty Atlantic cops on Halloween last year. The case was dismissed due to insufficient evidence

[Male Reporter]
More controvery surrounding 2Pac Shakur ...

[Female Reporter]
Meanwhile, in 2Pac news, at about 6:45 tonight, Shakur may have lowered his own chances of surviving the attack by checking himself out of the hospital that probably saved his life

[Male Reporter]
2Pac Shakur checked into the Metropolitan Hospital yesterday under an assumed name. His lawyers said that he had connections, but wouldn't say what kind, that could provide top notch security for the injured rap star

[Female Reporter]
Shakur underwent surgery today ...

[Male Reporter]
The shooting of 2Pac Shakur here in New York City once again underscores the violence that has surrounded this man since he shot to superstardom in the world of music and entertainment(Reporter)

Good Evening (sirens in the background)
I'm reporting live from Sunset Boulevard
Where many excited fans have gathered with candles
(crowd starts chanting "2Pac")
Awaiting the much anticipated release, of 2Pac Shakur's latest album, Better Dayz
This is yet another post-humous release by 2Pac
Which, raises the question
Where are these songs coming from?
It's interesting how, the message in these songs
Is still relevant today
I can feel the energy in the air, as they count down to midnight
When the album will officially be released
Oh, hold on, I, think they're starting to countdown now

(Crowd)

5, 4, 3, 2, 1 ...[2Pac]
Yes, it's the pinnacle of all new thoughts. Now this is the next level with this new album[Intro: Reporter]
Good Evening
I'm reporting live from Sunset Boulevard
Where many excited fans have gathered with candles
(2pac! 2pac! 2pac! 2pac!)
Awaiting the much-anticipated release, of 2Pac Shakur's latest album, Better Dayz
This is yet another posthumous release by 2Pac
Which, raises the question
Where are these songs coming from?
It's interesting how, the message in these songs
Is still relevant today
Even in his death, he's touching people with his lyrics
I can feel the energy in the air, as they count down to midnight
When the album will officially be released
Oh, hold on, I, think they're doing the countdown now

[Crowd]
5, 4, 3, 2, 1 ...[Ambient city noises followed by gunshots and people yelling]

Davey D: Rapper, actor, controversial ghetto child- Tupac Amaru Shakur was born on June 16, 1971 in the Bronx, New York, and he died tragically on September 13, 1996 in Las Vegas, Nevada. Tupac was named after a famous Inca chief. His middle name, "Amoro," meant "shining serpent." His last name, "Shakur" meant "thankful to God."

(Thankful to God, thankful to God, thankful to God)* Poems written by Shakur as ~ interpreted by other artists

What's in ya hand nigga, y'all listenin'
Do you understand nigga revolution, what's ya plan nigga {*gunshot*}
Since my transition I've been misquoted, disrespected, turnin' over in my grave
Watchin' y'all behave as if I should be proud or something
The I hear you speak my name like I had a devine strides or something
But relgions are seldom followed and all those sould back slide easy
My life is tarnished so the whole world sees me as a menace
But I implement that hate for me with love for y'all
I look from above for y'all but I can't find my soldiers
Who's holdin' the weight of the world on they shoulders since I left
Who caught my last breath as I exhaled
Derailed from the tracks, who's ridin'
Make sure they don't destroy the art form
If they can stop me they can stop thirty more emcees before they even born
So I sacrifice the longevity in life
To make sure you got the message the way you needed it
Existence turns into a lesson to be taught
Told, confessed, to be heard and heeded this
Kids walkin' these dirty roads and it's your job to pave it
You see niggas dyin' cuz of what you sayin'
Don't matter if you ain't kill 'em
If you ain't do shit to save 'em you in the way nigga
Save the day nigga or stopy playin' with 'em
I been yellin' and screamin' from my grave for ten years now
But y'all don't hear me though
Which one of you niggas is gonna step up and say, Pac I got you
GOD DAMN IT WHO SHOT YOU!?[Intro]
Keepin' it real

[Verse 1]
I take a shot of Hennessy
Now I'm strong enough to face the madness
Nickel bag full of cess weed laced with hash
Phone calls from my niggas on the other side
Two childhood friends just died, I couldn't cry
A damn shame, when will we ever change?
And what remains from a twelve gauge to the brain?
Arguments with my boo, it's true
I spend more time with my niggas than I do with you
But everywhere it's the same thang
That's the game, I'll be damned if a thang changed
Fuck the fame, I'll be hustlin' to make a million
Lord knows ain't no love for us ghetto children
So we cold, Rag-top slowin' down, time to stop for gas
Beep my horn for a hoochie with a proper ass
Uh, it ain't easy, that's my motto
Drinkin' Tanqueray straight out the bottle
Everybody wanna know if I'm insane
My baby mama got a mind full of silly games
And all the drama got me stressin' like I'm hopeless
I can't cope, me and the homies smokin' roaches
'Cause we broke, late night, hangin' out 'til the sunrise
Gettin' high, watchin' the cops roll by
It ain't easy; that's right, it ain't easy

[Hook]
—easy being me
Will I see the penitentiary or will I stay free?
It ain't easy being me
Will I see the penitentiary or will I stay free?
It ain't easy being me
Will I see the penitentiary or will I stay free?

[Verse 2]
I can't sleep, niggas plottin' on me, kill me while I'm dreamin'
Wake up sweaty and screamin'
'Cause I can hear them suckers schemin'
Probably paranoid, problem is them punks be fantasizin'
A brother bite the bullet, open fire and I died
I wonder why, it's just the way it is, even now
Lookin' out for these killa kids 'cause they wild
Bill Clinton, can you recognize a nigga representin'
Doin' twenty to life in San Quentin?
Gettin' calls from my nigga Mike Tyson, ain't nothin' nice
Yo 'Pac, do somethin' righteous with your life
And even though you're innocent you still a nigga
So they figure, rather have you behind bars than triggers
But I'ma hold you down and holla Thug Life
Lickin' shots 'til I see my niggas free on the block
But no, it ain't easy, ha ha ha
'Til I see my niggas free on the block, uh, it ain't easy

[Hook]
It ain't easy being me
Will I see the penitentiary or will I stay free?
It ain't easy being me
Will I see the penitentiary or will I stay free?
It ain't easy being me
Will I see the penitentiary…

[Verse 3]
Lately been reminiscin' about Peppermint Schnapps
In Junior High hit the block
Keep an eye on the cops while d-boys slang rocks
Just a project kid without a conscience
I'm havin' dreams of hearin' screams at my concerts
Me and all my childhood peers
Through the years tryin' to stack a little green
I was only seventeen when I started servin' fiends
And I wish there was another way to stack a dolla
Sold my Impala 'cause these hard times make me wanna holla
Will I live to see tomorrow? Am I fallin' off?
I hit the weed and then proceed to say: "Fuck all of y'all!"
Ain't nobody down with me, I'm thuggin'
I can't go home, 'cause muh'fuckers think I'm buggin'
So now I'm in this high-powered cell at the county jail
Punk judge got a grudge, can't post no bail
What do I do in these county blues?
Gettin' battered and bruised by the you-know-who
And these fakes get to shakin' when they face me
Snakes ain't got enough nuts to replace me
Sittin' in this livin' hell, listenin' to niggas yell
Tryin' to torture 'em to tell, I'm gettin' mail
But ain't nobody sayin' much, the same old nuts
Is makin' bucks while these sluts is gettin' fucked
They violated my probation
And it seems I'll be goin' on a long vacation
Meanwhile it ain't easy… no, it ain't easy

[Hook]
It ain't easy being me
Will I see the penitentiary or will I stay free?
It ain't easy being me
Will I see the penitentiary or will I stay free?
It ain't easy being me
Will I see the penitentiary or will I stay free?
It ain't easy being me
Will I see the penitentiary or will I stay free?
It ain't easy being me
Will I see the penitentiary or will I stay free?
It ain't easy being me
Will I see the penitentiary or will I stay free?[Pac Voice]

Got me thinking about better days...

[Verse 1: 2pac]

Time to question our lifestyle, look how we live
Smoking weed like it ain't no thang
So even kids wanna try now
They lie down and get ran through
Nobody watched 'em clockin the evil man do
Faced with the demons
Addicted to hearin victims screaming
Guess we was evil since birth
Product of cursed semens
Cause even our birthdays is cursed days
A born thug in the first place, the worst ways
I'd love to see the block in peace
With no more dealers and crooked cops
The only way to stop the beast
And only we can change
It's up to us to clean up the streets
It ain't the same
Too many murders
Too many funerals and too many tears
Just seen another brother buried
Plus I knew him for years
Passed by his family, but what could I say?
Keep yo' head up and try to keep the faith
Try to keep the faith


[Verse 2: 2pac]

Who would've guessed that in my future years
I'd be stressing, some say the ghetto's a sick and corrupted
Plus my P.O. won't let me hang with the brothers I grew up with
Try to keep my head up and stay strong
All my homies slangin yayo all day long
But they wrong, so I'm solo and so broke
Saving up for some Jordan's cause they dope
I got a girl and I love her but she broke too
And so am I. I can't take her to places she wanna go to
So we argue and play fight, all day and night
Makin passionate love 'til the daylight
Plus we about to get evicted, can't pay the rent
Guess it's time to see who really is yo' friend
Tell me you pregnant and I'm amazed
So many blessings while we stressin
But what can I say, keep yo' head up and
Try to keep the faith
Try to keep the faith
Try to keep the faith


[Verse 3: 2pac]

Square fools, since back in high school
We was true, me and you hardly parted or separeted
We stayed faded
Affiliated with gangbanger and still made it
Up in the gym, mess with me, gotta mess with him
Still dressing like grown men when rolling
I went to dark, smoking Newports, gaming marks
Got a place in my heart, homie stay smart
Locked you up in the penn'
And gave you three to ten
I send you letters with naked flicks of old friends
Hoping you well, I know it's hell doing time in the cells
You need mail, when you in jail
And me I'm doing cool
I settled down, had a family
Working in night school
Every once in a while
I reminisce and wonder how we ever came to this[Intro: The Beatles]
It's alright
It's alright
It's It's
It's alright

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
They'll never take me alive, I'm getting high with my four-five
Cocked on these suckers, time to die
Even as a youngster causing ruckus on the back of the bus
I was a fool all through high school kicking up dust
But now I'm labelled as a trouble maker who can you blame?
Smoking weed helped me take away the pain
So I'm hopeless rolling down the freeway swerving, don't worry
I'm about to crash up on the curb cause my visions blurry
Maybe if they tried to understand me, what should I do?
I had to feed my fucking family, what else could I do
But be a thug, out slanging with the homies
Fuck hanging with them phonies in the club
Got my mind on danger, never been a stranger to homicide
My city's full of gang bangers and drive bys
Why do we die at an early age
He was so young but still a victim of the 12 gauge
My memories of a corpse, mind full of sick thoughts
And I ain't going back to court
So fuck what you thought, I'm drinking Hennessey
Running from my enemies will I live to be 23
There's so much pain

[Hook: The Beatles]
It's alright, it feels like years since it's been here
It's alright, it's been a long cold lonely winter
It's alright, it feels like years since it's been here
It's alright, it's been a long cold lonely winter
It's alright

[Verse 2: The Notorious B.I.G.]
When I die, fuck it, I wanna go to hell
Cause I'm a piece of shit, it ain't hard to fucking tell
It don't make sense, going to heaven with the goodie-goodies
Dressed in white, I like black Timbs and black hoodies
God'll prolly have me on some real strict shit
No sleeping all day, no getting my dick licked
Hanging with the goodie-goodies lounging in paradise
Fuck that shit, I wanna tote guns and shoot dice
All my life I been considered as the worst
Lying to my mother, even stealing out her purse
Crime after crime, from drugs to extortion
I know my mother wished she got a fucking abortion
She don't even love me like she did when I was younger
Sucking on her chest just to stop my fucking hunger
I wonder if I died, would tears come to her eyes
Forgive me for my disrespect, forgive me for my lies

[Hook: The Beatles]

[Verse 3: 2Pac]
They got me mobbin like I'm
Loc'ed and ready to get my slug on
I load my clip and slip my motherfuckin' gloves on
I ain't scared to blast on these suckas if they test me
Trust, I got my Glock cocked playa if they press me
Bust on motherfuckers with a - paaassion
Better duck cause I ain't lookin when I'm - b-b-blaaastin
I'm a nut an' drinkin Hennessey and gettin' high
On the lookout for my enemies, don't wanna die
Tell me why cause this stress is gettin' major
A buck-fifty across the face with my razor
What can I do but be a thug until I'm dead and gone
Keep my brain on the game and stay head strong
These sorry bastards
Want to kill me in my sleep, I'm real they cannot see
And everyday is just a struggle
Steady thuggin' on the streets
And I'll be ballin' loc
Don't let 'em make you worry
Keep swingin' at these suckas till you buried
I was born to raise hell, a nigga from the gutta
Word to mother I'm trapped
I'm kickin dust up
Ready to bust
I'm on the scene steady muggin' mean
Until they kill me
I'll be livin this life
I know you feel me
There's so much pain

[Bridge]
Sun, sun, sun, here it comes
Sun, sun, sun, here it comes
Sun, sun, sun, here it comes
Sun, sun, sun, here it comes

[Hook: The Beatles]

[Outro: The Beatles]
It's alright
It's alright
It's alright" The space between your heart and your mind is sometimes called the soul, the personification to your morals and your emotional control, stronger than the human spirit the human soul you can't ignore faster than your thoughts."[Chorus]
I wonder if Heaven got a ghetto
I wonder if Heaven got a ghetto
I wonder if Heaven got a ghetto
I wonder if Heaven got a ghetto

[Verse 1]
I was raised, a little young nigga doin' bad shit
Talk much shit, ‘cause I never had shit
I could remember being whupped in class
And if I didn't pass, Mama whupped my ass
Was it my fault Papa didn't plan it out?
Broke out, left me to be the man of the house
I couldn't take it, had to make a profit
Found a block, got a Glock, and I clock grips
Makin' G's was my mission
Movin' enough of this shit to get my mama out the kitchen
And why must I sock a fella
Just to live large like Rockefeller?
First you didn't give a fuck, but you're learnin' now
If you don't respect the town then we'll burn you down
Goddamn, it's a motherfuckin' riot
Black people on a rage, police, so don't try it
If you're not from the town then don't pass through
‘Cause some O.G. fools might blast you
It ain't right, but it's long overdue
We can't have peace 'til the niggas get a piece too
I want G's so you label me a criminal
And if I die, I wonder if Heaven got a ghetto

[Chorus]
I wonder if Heaven got a ghetto
I wonder if Heaven got a ghetto
I wonder if Heaven got a ghetto
I wonder if Heaven got a ghetto

[Verse 2]
Here on Earth, tell me what's a black life worth?
A bottle of juice is no excuse, the truth hurts
And even when you take the shit
Move counties, get a lawyer, you can shake the shit
Ask Rodney, Latasha, and many more
It's been going on for years, there's plenty more
When they ask me, "When will the violence cease?"
When your troops stop shootin' niggas down in the street
Niggas had enough, time to make a difference
Bear witness, own our own business
Fuck the guard, ‘cause it's hard tryin' to make ends meet
First we couldn't afford shit, now everything's free
So we loot, please don't shoot when you see
I'm takin' from them ‘cause for years they would take from me
Now the tables have turned around
You didn't listen, until the niggas burned it down, huh
And now Bush can't stop the hit
I predicted the shit in 2Pacalypse
And for once I was down with niggas
Felt good in the hood being around the niggas
Yeah, and for the first time everybody let go
And the streets is death row
I wonder if Heaven got a ghetto

[Hook]
I wonder if Heaven got a ghetto
I wonder if Heaven got a ghetto
I wonder if Heaven got a ghetto
Yeah, I wonder if Heaven got a ghetto

[Verse 3]
I see no changes, all I see is racist faces
Misplaced hate makes disgrace to races
We under, I wonder what it take to make this
One better place, let's erase the wasted
Take the evil out the people, they'll be actin' right
‘Cause both black and white are smokin' crack tonight
And the only time we deal is when we kill each other
It takes skill to be real, time to heal each other
And though it seems heaven-sent
We ain't ready to have a black President
Huh, it ain't a secret, don't conceal the fact
The Penitentiary's packed, and it's filled with blacks
I wake up in the mornin' and I ask myself:
Is life worth livin'? Should I blast myself?
I'm tired of being poor and, even worse, I'm black
My stomach hurts, so I'm lookin' for a purse to snatch
Cops give a damn about a negro
Pull the trigger, kill a nigga, he's a hero
Mo' nigga, mo' nigga, mo' niggas
Rather I'd be a dead than a po' nigga
Let the Lord judge the criminals
If I die, I wonder if Heaven got a ghetto

[Chorus]
I wonder if Heaven got a ghetto
I wonder if Heaven got a ghetto
And I wonder if Heaven got a ghetto
I wonder if Heaven got a ghetto
I wonder if Heaven got a ghetto
I wonder if Heaven got a ghetto
I wonder if Heaven got a ghetto
(Just think if niggas decide to retaliate)
(Soulja in the house)
I wonder if Heaven got a ghetto
I wonder if Heaven got a ghetto
I wonder if Heaven got a ghetto
Yeah, I wonder if Heaven got a ghettoU R the omega of my heart
The foundation 4 my conception of Love
When I think of what a black woman should be
Its u that I First think of

U will never fully understand
How Deeply my Heart Feels 4 u
I worry that we'll grow apart
And I'll end up losing u

U bring me 2 climax without sex
And u do it all with regal grace
U r my heart in Human Form
A Friend I could never replace[Verse One: 2Pac]
Tell me, how many real motherfuckers feel me? I smoke a blunt
And freak the funk until these jealous motherfuckers kill me
I'm out the gutter, pick a hero
I'm 165 and staying high til I die, my competion's zero
Cause I could give a fuck about you, better duck
Or I'll be forced to hit yo ass up I give a fuck
I'm sick inside my mind, why you sweatin me?
It's gonna take an army full of crooked ass cops to come and get me
Niggas know I ain't the one to sleep on, I'm under pressure
Gotta sleep with my piece, an extra clip beside my dresser
Word to God I've been ready to die since I was born
I don't want no shit but niggas trip and yo it's on
Open fire on my adversaries

[2Pac]
This nigga is scared

[Big L]
Ain nobody scared man I just told you how to do this anymore

[2Pac]
Fuck that shit
You're goin Saturday night and that's it

[Verse Two: Big L]
Ayo, I shoulda been out
I'm deadly when I pull the pin out
Keep frontin', I'mma try yo' chin out
I knocked a lot of men out
I left 'em on the floor spittin' phlegm out
It's either that or I'mma squeeze the gat and pop ten out
You see Corleone, ice spinnin', jigged out, white linen
And if a bitch don't like me she must like women
Every time I come around you see your wife grinnin'
Don't be mad 'cuz yo' career's in the ninth innin'
It's over now, nigga, leave the game
I'm from the danger zone where emcees get slain
We're thugs that never hesitate to squeeze the flame
We're niggas be takin' drugs just to ease the pain
Hustlers flip cokey, 48 Hours like Nick Nolte
When I was OT your bitch rode me
First day home I dived in it
Left her thighs dented
Now that bitch be pagin' me every five minutes
Emcees I squash and disgrace
It's all about the Benjis So why your bills got Washington's face?
A lot of cats be frontin'
Mad singles wit' a fifty on top
L tryin' to have the city on lock
Peace to Biggie and Pac 'cuz they really were hot
Rap game, heavy hitters, it's a shame they no longer wit' us
Niggas wanna be L, ladies wanna see L
If I go to jail you'll wear a shirt sayin' "Free L!"
What

Oh shit
Yo be careful with that man it's loaded
I'll hold on to the gun
Why should he hold on to the gun?
Cuz I already got it motherfucker!

[Verse Three: Big Pun]
It's not a game it's war, plain and raw
Blood stain the wall, when I bring the chain with the saw
Bring the pain to your door like death was knockin
Unless you got my ends, I'mma make you twins with the Headless Horseman
Hell extortion, sell your soul, live your dreams
Don't pay the cost then [bam bam] say hello to the guillotine
A killer fiends for blood, screams of thugs like
Fiends for drugs, I don't need no love
Give me your fear, murder, respect, beer, honies and sex want here
I'll bend them checks for years, hungry and stressed
You fuckin with Chris - fuck Pun - dead the wrath for later
Get your calculator, go 'head Decapitator's back forever
Can't count how many heads I had to sever
Half the niggas I keep, I put em back together
That's the terror, cut open your girl
And make a truss out her flesh, like Buffalo Bill
You fuckin with reel to reel, rap axe maniac
Sound bwoy killer, hack hack chain-react
Two for one - double the death, same price
What would Big say? "Huh, you know that ain't right"

Yo you got the juice now

(DJ Cinema)

Excuse me partner can you keep that shit down you see me watching TV

Made it ma ... made it ma
Top of the world [top of the world] top of the world

If you gotta go out ... that's how you go out. That motherfucker took his destiny in his own hands [Echo]Held captive 4 your politics
They wanted 2 break your soul
They ordered the extermination
of all minds they couldn't control
4 u the fate was far worse
than just a brutal homicide
They caged u like an animal
and watched u slowly die inside
As u Breathe your first air of freedom
on the day u become a free man
Raise your Regal Brow in Pride
4 now you R in God's Hands
The life of many were given
so that the day would one day come
That the devils in Power at Pretoria
would pay for the evil crimes they've done[Intro: 2Pac & E.D.I Mean]
Outlawz, go ahead, in this
No doubt
Death Row, Makaveli Records
You can call me daddy, uh
I'll be ya daddy, that's right, uh
Just like daddy
Fo' the ladies
Hahaha

[Chorus: 2Pac & Singer]
Come with me and in time we'll grow
Dedicate slow jams on the radio-oh why
Know ya happy, I can feel ya passion
Lookin' out for ya just like daddy, come on
Sunshine turns to rain
Baby, I can take away ya pain
If ya trust me
Close ya eyes, feel the magic
Never leave when ya need me
I'll do ya just like daddy

[Verse 1: E.D.I. Mean]
I met her when she was younger
Real daddy died when she was younger
Her moms let her do what she please, an' seen no one loved her
Her eyes shined of love, a diamond in the rough
The kind that you could love; not yet touch, but so much, potential
Youngster let me guide ya mental
And to a place, with a sourness of pain you'll never taste
By God's grace, you was born with that face
Nothin' but pure beauty; so for an eternity, I feel it's my duty
To be a souljah (souljah) yeah, baby got plans to mold ya
In the coldest nights is when I hold ya
Like I'm supposed to, as we roll closer
I'll take yo' hand gladly, anything you need, ask me
Supportin' my baby girl just like daddy

[Verse 2: Makaveli]
To alleviate the stress, spendin' time wit' you, I feel blessed
When you gone, feel the pain so strong deep in my chest
When I got arrested, came so close to goin' to jail
Throwin' blows at the po-pos breakin' ya nails
Screamin' loud goin' all out, damn I did
You stayed locked down at moms house, watchin' the kids
Through the whole bid in the V-I, I see ya daily
While my fake homies try to fuck you, you run and tell me
That's why I stay committed, I thank God every time I hit it
Hopin' you'll forgive me for all the times I bullshitted
Me and you against the world, we untouchable
Screamin' like you dyin' every time I'm fuckin' you
Ya never had a father or a family, but I'll be there
No need to fear so much insanity, and through the years
I know ya gave me your heart, plus
When I'm dirt broke and fucked up, ya still love me

[Chorus: 2Pac & Singer]
Come with me and in time we'll grow
Dedicate slow jams on the radio-oh why
Know ya happy, I can feel ya passion
Lookin' out for ya just like daddy, come on
Sunshine turns to rain
Baby, I can take away ya pain
If ya trust me
Close ya eyes, feel the magic
Neva leave when ya need me
I'll do ya just like daddy

[Verse 3: Yaki Kadafi]
Boo, would ya die for me?
Down holdin' my pistol, gettin' high
With mean sounds tougher than bristles
But when you cry I'll be ya tissue
Back in the county written letters, how I miss you
Givin' you credit, apologetic how I diss you
Kiss you for thinkin' like a mona and on a level
And sometime daddy ready to wine ya and dilation
For a total twine ya, we right behind ya true
Life just me and you, no tellin' what we could do
Gettin' high between the sheets, make the shit right here discrete
Puttin' hickeys on ya belly while we fuckin' on the beach
I love it when ya nut up and grab me
I feel for ya badly, baby girl just like daddy

[Verse 4: Young Noble]
Shorty I lend my hand out ta help ya, lost soul lookin' for shelter
On late night accept it, treat ya good, won't disrespect ya
My age is young, out of place bitch days is done
From a trixy to a missy, you know I raised ya hun
Placed her under my wing, showed her how we swing
Now she rolling blunts for her king
One day labelled thug misses, the essence of my ghetto sisters
Hugs and kisses, that's just for me to be a father figure

[Chorus: 2Pac & Singer]
(Just like daddy) come with me and in time we'll grow
(Just like daddy) Dedicate slow jams on the radio-oh why
(Just like daddy, c'mon) Know ya happy, I can feel ya passion
Lookin' out for ya just like daddy, come on
(just like daddy) Sunshine turns to rain
Baby, I can take away ya pain (Just like daddy)
If ya trust me
(Just like daddy, come on) Close ya eyes, feel the magic
Neva leave when ya need me
I'll do ya just like daddy

[Outro: 2Pac]
C'mon
Throw ya hands up
Put ya hands up
Throw ya hands up
Put ya hands up
Throw ya hands up
Put ya hands up
Put ya hands up
Throw ya hands up
Where my sistas?
Where my sistas at?
Where my sistas?
Where my sistas at?
Where my sistas?
Where my sistas at?
Throw ya hands in the air
Where my sistas?
Where my sistas at?
Where my sistas?
Where my sistas at?
Where my sistas?
Where my sistas at?
Throw ya hands in the air
Come on
Yes
Yes, just like daddy
Yes, throw ya hands in the air, come on
Outlawz in this mutha fucka (Yes!)
No doubt!
Kadafi, Hussein, Makaveli, Napoleon, Marbles, EDI, Kastro, Khameleon, Storm, Yeah the bitch check
No doubt get yo money
Throw yo hands in the air
Yeah, just like daddy baby
Know you got somewhere to go tonight
Cause you a thug nigga, thug nigga that loves niggas!
Hahahahahaha
Come on
Just like daddy
Outlawz baby, outlaws, outlaws outlaw, outlaw
Throw ya hands in the muthafuckin' air[Intro: 2Pac Talking]
Bitches be paranoid looking at a nigga all crazy
I'm just looking, SHIT!
I'm just looking baby, ha ha ha

[Kurupt] All I need is some Henni'

[Verse One: 2Pac]
To me it's hard to tell what you really want
Quit acting mean to me, you're teasing me the way you flaunt
But you ain't hearing me, sincerely, I'm so attracted
Pictures of target practice making love on my mattress
Visions getting graphic
So realistic you could grab it, it's a proven fact
Baby gotta have it, my love making quite magic
Tricks is for kids bunny rabbit, let a man have it
Bet you'd be satisfied if you tried my habit
High performance is hard to handle
Naked in the bubble bath while I'm burning candles
Sex me like a slow song
If fucking you was bad baby then I'm so wrong
My feeling's so strong
I keep staring like you can't see me
I never planned to scam, my thoughts ran freely
There is no need to be paranoid, ain't nothing popping
I ain't worried about your man baby girl cause I'm just watching

[Chorus:]
[Snoop:] WATCHING!!
[Wilson] Just watching
[Kurupt] JUST WATCHING!!
[Wilson] Not buying anything
[2Pac:] You know, I ain't worried about your man baby girl, I'm just watching
[Wilson] Just watching
[Kurupt] Just watching!
[Wilson] Not buying anything
[Snoop:] Baby girl, baby girl, do you wanna go to my place?
[Wilson] Just watching
[Kurupt] JUST WATCHING!!
[Wilson] Not buying anything
[Kurupt] For real, this is how we do it, what's up Dogg?

[Verse Two: Snoop Doggy Dogg]
You know what? - You know what?
I'm taking trips to Cabo, with my Death Row family
We're out on the road, we're sporting Diamonds and Gold
We're pushing Yachts and Jet Skis, smoking on hell of weed
We're trying to have millions man, y'all can have them Gs
Bitches flocking up eying nothing, all about them papers
We're standing away from the player-haters and the impersonators
But we're sporting Gators and we don't cater to no hoe
From San Diego to Vallejo and all the way down to Idaho
You know, you wonder why this game don't change
They say you gotta have a way from the very start
So when I step into a club like Magic Cities
They be greedy with passion and the whole Atlantic city
And pull up to a seed that had never sparked
And post up, just like the Double R
Don't get mad; cause a nigga ain't spent shit
I'm just watching it and besides I'm a pimp, bitch!

[Chorus:]
[Wilson] Just watching
[Kurupt] JUST WATCHING!!
[Wilson] Not buying anything
[2Pac:] You know..
[Wilson] Just watching
[Kurupt] JUST WATCHING!!

[Wilson] Not buying anything yeahhh!
[Kurupt] I ain't buying shit
[Wilson] Just watching
[Kurupt] JUST WATCHING!!
[Wilson] Not buying anything
[Kurupt] That nigga Daz
[Wilson] Oohh baby, yeah

[Verse Three: Daz Dillinger]
Now tell me how you feel about me, the whole world know about me
Don't doubt me, you got me hardship, your pussy all on my dick
I sleep with Dubs down your drawers
Take it from my dogs, where your ass be at, bitches all their ass
Shaking asses and titties but you they say don't touch
I wanna fuck, that's all I wanna do to suck
All in the guts (What's up?) quick and fast
Watching and clocking, ain't no stopping when the music popping
Homie having fun with no gun (Ha ha What's up baby?)
Death Row got the party off the hook
I take the Chronic, I take a book (What up Kurupt?)

[Verse Four: Kurupt]
As soon as my eyes open, the first thing hits
Me and the homies on the strip, fuck around with some Swiss
As soon as I hit the corner I'm on ya, eyes on scope
I'm about to soothe on my way to see Daz, 'Pac and Snoop
There's something cute about five foot six
And no sweat, I'm on set for the triple double twist
That's why I trip, I got to clear my mind
Take a couple hits of this bomb
Nate Dogg hit the switch to say fuck you bitch
Cause if I spent I'm taking two pussy, I just wanna fuck
Even though deep down I know she got some bomb ass pussy
So what would you do? roll, pass and just stop
Or coast up on the corner like a dog and just watch
WATCH!! WATCH!! WATCH!! WATCH!! WATCH!! (Watch out!)

[Chorus:]
[Wilson] Just watching
[Kurupt] JUST WATCHING!!
[Wilson] Not buying anything
[Kurupt] It's a Dogg Pound Thing
[Wilson] I'm not buying you anything yeah!!
[Wilson] Just watching
[Kurupt] JUST WATCHING!!
[Wilson] Not buying anything
[Kurupt] It's a Thug Life Thing, Thug Life!
[Wilson] I'm not buying anything
[Wilson] Just watching
[Kurupt] JUST WATCHING!!
[Wilson] Not buying anything yeahhh!
[2Pac:] You, rat house bitches
[Wilson] Just watching
[SnoopD] Straight Up!!
[Wilson] Not buying anything ooohhh!
[Wilson] Just watching
[SnoopD] Just like a player
[Wilson] Not buying anything
[SnoopD] Strictly for the players

[Charlie Wilson] Just watching, not buying anything
[Snoop Doggy Do] I'm just watching, just watching, just watching
[Charlie Wilson] Just watching, not buying anything
[Snoop Doggy Do] Ummmm, just peeping out the window, watching, just watching[Intro: Girl]
I mean what?
People going crazy over this?
[2Pac talking]
It don't stop, keep goin'
It don't stop, keep goin'
[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Now I been called crazy, to fade me it's not possible
I give a fuck, what you thought, or who you brought witchu?
A Bad Boy killer, Biggie annihilator
They wonderin' why he breathin', but bitches is dyin' later
Better laugh now, then cry when I come to get you
I hit you with two Glocks, and leave you with scar tissue
On some loco shit, my pistol smoke yo' shit
Let's go for dolo bitch, and watch me flow yo' shit
Mr., Makaveli movin' pieces like telekinesis
It's like a chess game, let's play wit' real pieces
Shots rang and niggas brains was spilled
Another Bad Boy affiliator nigga was killed
I hit the funeral and busted his folks
And leave the scene like a shadow in a blaze of smoke
It don't stop, keep goin'
[Hook: Hussein Fatal & 2Pac]
Don't stop, don't stop, keep goin'
It don't stop, keep goin'
Don't stop, don't stop, don't stop, keep goin'
It don't stop, keep goin'
Don't stop, don't stop, don't stop, keep goin'
It don't stop, keep goin'
Don't stop, don't stop, don't stop, keep goin'
It don't stop, keep goin'
Don't stop, don't stop, don't stop, keep goin'
It don't stop, keep goin'
[Verse 2: Hussein Fatal]
Shit, still grindin for the chips
I come from the clear but you can find him in the bricks
Me, I was the diamond in the sticks
And him, he hatin' and still whinin' 'cuz I'm grindin' with his bitch
Out shinin' with the sixth, I'ma blind him with the fifth
He still sellin' nicks, what he tryin' to throw a disc?
I promise you'll be lyin' on your strip
'Cuz copyin' my style, whippin' any 9 you can get
No crime on the strip, just dimes of the pit
No gimmicks to my music, you be lyin' when you spit
Outta line you get gripped, I'ma find you a ditch
Right next to your OG, do your time with a snitch
And I tell 'em all the time you a bitch
A real life pussy, hit the strip, go and find you a dick
Man this nigga outta line who is this?
I'm tempted to put his mind on his kicks
Let the 9 do the trick, yeah
[Hook: Hussein Fatal & 2Pac]
Don't stop, don't stop, keep goin'
It don't stop, keep goin'
Don't stop, don't stop, don't stop, keep goin'
It don't stop, keep goin'
Don't stop, don't stop, don't stop, keep goin'
It don't stop, keep goin'
Don't stop, don't stop, don't stop, keep goin'
It don't stop, keep goin'
Don't stop, don't stop, don't stop, keep goin'
It don't stop, keep goin'[Intro]
Little something for my godson Elijah
And a little girl named Corin

[Verse 1]
Some say the blacker the berry, the sweeter the juice
I say the darker the flesh, then the deeper the roots
I give a holla to my sisters on welfare
2Pac cares if don't nobody else care
And I know they like to beat you down a lot
When you come around the block, brothers clown a lot
But please don't cry, dry your eyes, never let up
Forgive, but don't forget, girl, keep ya head up
And when he tells you you ain't nothin', don't believe him
And if he can't learn to love you, you should leave him
‘Cause, sister, you don't need him
And I ain't tryin' to gas you up, I just call 'em how I see 'em
You know what makes me unhappy?
When brothers make babies
And leave a young mother to be a pappy
And since we all came from a woman
Got our name from a woman and our game from a woman
I wonder why we take from our women
Why we rape our women — do we hate our women?
I think it's time to kill for our women
Time to heal our women, be real to our women
And if we don't we'll have a race of babies
That will hate the ladies that make the babies
And since a man can't make one
He has no right to tell a woman when and where to create one
So will the real men get up?
I know you're fed up, ladies, but keep ya head up

[Hook]
Keep ya head up, ooh, child
Things are gonna get easier
Keep ya head up, ooh, child
Things'll get brighter
Keep ya head up, ooh, child
Things are gonna get easier
Keep ya head up, ooh, child
Things'll get brighter

[Verse 2]
Ayo, I remember Marvin Gaye used to sing to me
He had me feelin' like black was the thing to be
And suddenly the ghetto didn't seem so tough
And though we had it rough, we always had enough
I huffed and puffed about my curfew and broke the rules
Ran with a local crew and had a smoke or two
And I realize Mama really paid the price
She nearly gave her life to raise me right
And all I had to give her was my pipe dream
Of how I'd rock the mic and make it to the bright screen
I'm tryin' to make a dollar out of fifteen cents
It's hard to be legit and still pay the rent
And in the end it seems I'm headin' for the pen
I try to find my friends, but they're blowin' in the wind
Last night my buddy lost his whole family
It's gonna take the man in me to conquer this insanity
It seems the rain'll never let up
I try to keep my head up and still keep from gettin' wet up
You know, it's funny, when it rains it pours
They got money for wars but can't feed the poor
Say there ain't no hope for the youth
And the truth is it ain't no hope for the future
And then they wonder why we crazy
I blame my mother for turnin' my brother into a crack baby
We ain't meant to survive, ‘cause it's a set-up
And even though you're fed up, huh, you got to keep ya head up

[Hook]
Keep ya head up, ooh, child
Things are gonna get easier
Keep ya head up, ooh, child
Things'll get brighter
Keep ya head up, ooh, child
Things are gonna get easier
Keep ya head up, ooh, child
Things'll get brighter

[Verse 3]
And uh, to all the ladies havin' babies on they own
I know it's kinda rough and you're feelin' all alone
Daddy's long gone and he left you by your lonesome
Thank the Lord for my kids even if nobody else want 'em
‘Cause I think we can make it; in fact, I'm sure
And if you fall, stand tall and come back for more
‘Cause ain't nothin' worse than when your son
Wants to know why his daddy don't love him no mo'
You can't complain you was dealt this
Hell of a hand without a man, feelin' helpless
Because there's too many things for you to deal with
Dyin' inside, but outside you're lookin' fearless
While tears is rollin' down your cheeks
You steady hopin' things don't fall down this week
‘Cause if it did, you couldn't take it
And don't blame me — I was given this world, I didn't make it
And now my son's gettin' older and older
And cold from havin' the world on his shoulders
While the rich kids is drivin' Benz
I'm still tryin' to hold on to survivin' friends
And it's crazy, it seems it'll never let up
But please, you got to keep ya head up[Intro: 2Pac]
Well, I just heard some shit on this record
(Fuckin' in the midst of my comrades)
I send this out to that biatch; you too, nigga!
(Standin' in the midst of my comrades)
You fuckin' with some thug niggas (That's right)
Believe that like you believe crack kills, you stupid mothafucka!
(Fuck you! Standin' in the midst of my comrades)

[Hook: 2Pac]
You must be so so crazy
Bitch, I'll beat your boy bad
Standin' in the midst of my comrades
Bitches can't fade me
Plottin' but they ploys crashed
Fuckin' with the midst of my comrades

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Have you really thought about your part in this participation?
My prediction bloody murder similar to ministration
Now in fairness to conversation
‘Cause it's your fate so take the time
To contemplate what you'll be facin'
Talkin' that Hip-Hop shit, don't get shot, bitch
‘Cause you can tell all in your clique to eat Pac's dick
The clip's in, prepare for the mothafuckin' death blow
‘Cause every rapper in the industry is history, it's Death Row
Not Bad Boy or So So Def
I make you bow before Tha Row like them other hoes
The intricate design of my lethal lines, criminal rhymes
From the mind of a thug shaking state time
Take it to the next phase; you had your time to talk shit
Now bitchless busters getting checkmated
These days mothafuckas talk shit and turn snitch
When you see 'em they ain't talking about shit; Westside!

[Hook: 2Pac]
You must be so so crazy
Bitch, I'll beat your boy bad
Standin' in the midst of my comrades
Bitches can't fade me
Plottin' but they ploys crashed
Fuckin' with the midst of my comrades

[Verse 2: EDI]
See, by now the way this shit is situated
Niggas is getting eliminated simply for being affiliated
Clearly stated and, man, I know you hate it
We got a whole list to play with
And y'all niggas is at the top, now let's make this
Happen, fuck the rappin', let's get to scrappin'
So niggas can see what happens
When you get caught up in dirty-mackin'
EDI'll send you packin', you know we love action
Sneak up on attack, pull back, let's the slugs snap in
Your chest section, Death has now stepped in
Bitch, should have learnt your lesson
While your chance was still present
But now it's past tense, no question askin'
Out West it's called mashin', bailing the corner blastin'

[Hook: 2Pac]
You must be so so crazy
Bitch, I'll beat your boy bad
Standin' in the midst of my comrades
Bitches can't fade me
Plottin' but they ploys crashed
Fuckin' with the midst of my comrades

[Verse 3: Napoleon]
You must be so so crazy; bitch, I'll beat yo' boy bad
Driving in the truck with my black MAC
Thinkin' about the shit I never had, so I'm loading up one
And the two things that I cherish is money and guns
I love my ones and I'll put blood on you
Snatch money from you, leave slugs in you
Ain't no nigga breathing fucking with Pac
Every album that he drop, nigga, number one spot, nigga
Locked, nigga, let me represent for my dead ones
Eat with my loved ones, squeeze when the beef come
Chill when the freeze comes, I do that shit
You think you heavy in the game? Watch me move you, bitch!
This Napoleon, why did I say I again?
You punk niggas already know I ain't for show
And I'll die for the dough, nigga, that's for sho'
Never die for a ho, nigga, that's a no-no

[Hook: 2Pac]
You must be so so crazy
Bitch, I'll beat your boy bad
Standin' in the midst of my comrades
Bitches can't fade me
Plottin' but they ploys crashed
Fuckin' with the midst of my comrades

[Verse 4: Big Syke]
Who I'm gonna call when a mothafucka feeling sad?
My mothafuckin' comrades
Who I'm gonna call when a mothafucka doing bad?
My mothafuckin' comrades
And fuck yo' bitch, ‘cause you a trick anyway
‘Cause my comrades was raised on pistol play
And boss playerism mixed with this thugism
So ain't no love in 'em, nothin' but the fuckism

[Verse 5: 2Pac]
Last verse is for them trick people, this is the sequel
I'ma treat you with evil, living forever illegal
Now homicide got me preoccupied
Be a lie if I told you that I never wonder when will I die
Be assured, nigga, word born
‘Cause now it's on, you can only survive if you be strong
Until I'm gone I'll bust on Bad Boy
Middle finger to Da Brat, don't get your young ass smacked

[Hook: 2Pac]
You must be so so crazy
Bitch, I'll beat your boy bad
Standin' in the midst of my comrades
Bitches can't fade me
Plottin' but they ploys crashed
Fuckin' with the midst of my comrades

[Outro: 2Pac]
Look here, you mothafuckas knew when you wrote this shit
When you spoke this shit, when you smoked this shit
Uh, that you couldn't fuck around with us
Now what the hell possessed you to get on record
And play yourself like that?
Nigga, is you fuckin' nuts? Do you know who the fuck we are?!
Nigga, do you know who the fuck we are?!
Rectify yo' silly ass, you better put out an apology out, nigga
Before I yank that ass out the game, stupid mothafuckas!
Don't you know I don't give a fuck?
I'm mad at the world, fuck all you trick-ass niggas!
This Thug Life, nigga, Outlaw Immortalz, Westside
Thought you knew, Westcoast, nigga
All day long, fuck the world!
You must be so so crazy; bitch, I'll beat yo' boy bad
Standin' in the midst of my comrades, ha ha ha
Fuckin' with the midst of my comrades
My mothafuckin' comrades![Intro: 2Pac]
Throw me a cigarette, dawg!
They got me feelin' crazier than a motherfucker
I got Bad Azz in this motherfucker
Makaveli the Don, representin' the Outlawz
Bad Azz representin' the LBC Crew
So whatcha wanna do? Y'know how we do it

[Chorus: 2Pac]
Puffin' on loud
Hopin' that it gets me high
Got a nigga goin' crazy
Oh yeah, I feel crazy
Time goes by, puffin' on lye
Hopin' that it gets me high
Got a nigga goin' crazy
Oh yeah, I feel crazy
(Tell 'em about it!)

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Last year was a hard one, but life goes on
Hold my head against the wall, learnin' right from wrong
They say my ghetto instrumental detrimental to kids
As if they can't see the misery in which they live
Blame me for the outcome, ban my records – check it
Don't have to bump this, but please respect it
I took a minus and now the hard times are behind us
Turned into a plus, now they stuck livin' blinded
Hennessy got me feelin' bad, time to stop drinkin'
Rollin' in my drop-top Jag, what's that cops thinkin'?
Sittin' in my car, watch the stars and smoke
I came a long way, but still I got so far to go
Dear Mama, don't worry, I'ma watch for snakes
Tell Setchu that I love her, but it's hard today
I got the letter that she sent me, and I cried for weeks
This what came out when I tried to speak – all I heard was…

[Chorus: 2Pac]
Time goes by, puffin' on lye
Hopin' that it gets me high
Got a nigga goin' crazy
I feel crazy
Time goes by, puffin' on lye
Hopin' that it gets me high
Got a nigga goin' crazy
I feel crazy
(One, two, three, four)

[Verse 2: 2Pac]
I see Bloods and Crips runnin' up the hill
Lookin' for a better wayyy
My brothers and sisters, it's time to bail
‘Cause even thug niggas prayyy
Hopin' God hear me, I entered the game
Look how much I changed
I'm no longer innocent – casualties of fame
Made a lot of money, seen a lot of places
And I swear I seen a peaceful smile on my mama's face
When I gave her the keys to her own house, this yo land
Your only son done became a man
Watchin' time fly, I love my people, do or die
But I wonder why we scared to let each other fly
June 1-6, '7-1, the day
Mama pushed me out her womb, told me, "Nigga, get paid!"
No one can understand me – the black sheep
Outcasted from my family, now packin' heat
I run the streets, a young runaway, live for today
When he died, I could hear him say… (Thug Life, baby!)

[Chorus: 2Pac]
Time goes by, puffin' on lye
Hopin' that it gets me high
Got a nigga goin' crazy
I feel crazy
Time goes by, puffin' on lye
Hopin' that it gets me high
Got a nigga goin' crazy
Crazy, crazy, crazy
I feel crazy (crazy)

[Verse 3: Bad Azz]
God, help me out here, ‘cause I'm possessed
I need the root of all evil for my stress
‘Cause money's like a strong prescription
Drug, it's got me addicted
To the pleasure and the pain it inflicted
Somethin' about the paper
With the pictures of the president's head
Damn, it's like a motherfuckin' plague that spread
It's epidemic; forgotten, forgotten it got worse
I keep my head on straight, makin' money ‘cause it's cursed
Makin' money makes a difference day by day
So I gotta stay paid, no doubt, day in and day out
This life is like a vicious cycle called fightin' to live
No matter how hard you try, it's in death, you gotta die
A lot of my peers didn't make it to the years to come
Did life do 'em right or did life leave 'em dumb?
Who has the answers? I wonder, I turn to my elders
They aged and experienced, but they can't even tell ya
Or tell me, that there'll be light at the end of the road
(Why?) ‘Cause they don't even know
A million things run through my mind
You ain't gotta be in jail to be doin' time
(You ain't gotta be in jail to be doin' time)

[Chorus: 2Pac]
Time goes by, puffin' on lye
Hopin' that it gets me high
Got a nigga goin' crazy
I feel crazy
Time goes by, puffin' on lye
Hopin' that it gets me high
Got a nigga goin' crazy

[Collision: 2Pac]
I feel fucked up in this bitch
I smoked half a ounce to the head
Chocolate Thai, indo, Hawaiian, lambsbread, buddha
All that shit!
I'm fucked up in this motherfucker
And Hennessy don't help
And Hennessy don't help
Thug Passion in this muh'fucker
Makaveli the Don puttin' it down to the fullest
Maximum overload
3 Day Theory, Killuminati to your body
With the impact of a 12 gauge shotty
Double-I slugs, no love, straight thugs

[Outro: 2Pac]
One time for my niggas in the jail cell
(One time for my niggas locked up)
One time for my niggas doin' life in Hell
(One time for my niggas and shit, one time)
One time for my niggas in the jail cell (One time)
One time for my niggas doin' life in Hell
(One time for my niggas locked down)
One time for my niggas on the Death Row
(One time for my niggas on the Row)
For my niggas on Death Row
One time for my niggas livin' broke
(Westside, California style, L.A.)
One time for my niggas livin' broke
(You know what time it is, no doubt)
One time for my niggas in the jail cell
(Get high, puffin' on lye)
Wonder if it get me high, yeah[Malcolm Jamal Warner]
Let me show you, the rhyme..
Excuse me - but, Lady Liberty needs glasses
And so does Mrs. Justice by her side
Both the broads are blind as bats, stumblin through - the system
Justice bumped into M'Tulu, trippin on Geronimo Pratt
But stepped right over Oliver and his crooked partner Ronnie
Justice stubbed her big toe on Mandela
And Liberty was misquoted by the Indians
Slavery was just a learning phase, forgotten without a verdict
While Justice is on a rampage
For endangered survivin black males
I mean really; if anyone REALLY valued life
And cared about the masses
They'd take 'em both to Pen Optical
And get TWO pairs of glasses

Excuse me - but, Lady Liberty needs glasses
I'm kickin asses up and down New York City
It's a pity
Brothers wanna be grimy and gritty to each other
What would your mother think, smotherin your brother?
I see you sink, into another level
Dancin with the devil
Turn up the bass, cause I'm player; also a rhyme sayer
Kind of fly, layer after layer
Why.. cause I'm blessed
Cause I've progressed
I've learned my lessons
Class has always been in session, so you better take notes
And stop chokin on negativity[Intro: 2Pac]
Death Row, that's where motherfuckers is endin' up

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Dear mama, I'm caught up in this sickness
I robbed my adversaries, but slipped and left a witness
Wonder if they'll catch me, or will this nigga snitch
Should I shoot his bitch, or make the nigga rich?
Don't wanna commit murder, but damn they got me trapped
Hawkin while I'm walkin, and talkin behind my back
I'm kind of schizophrenic, I'm in this shit to win it
Cause life's a Wheel of, Fortune here's my chance to spin it
Got no time for cops, who trip and try to catch me
Too fuckin trigger happy, to let them suckers snatch me
Niggas gettin jealous (jealous) tryin to find my stash
Whip out the nine, now imma dime off yo' ass
Peter picked a pepper, but I can pick a punk
Snatched him like a bitch, and threw him in the trunk
The punk thought I was bluffin, but swear I'm nothin nice
Before I take your life, first wrestle with these, mics
I listen to him scream, Tray Deee went insane
I guess the little, mites had finally found his brain
New Rovers pull me over, I'm sentenced to the pen
Remember that little, bird, he snitched and told a, friend
It's trouble on my mind, I'm with the old timers
And fuck five-oh, blaow blaow. turn em into forty-niners

[Chrous]
Bye bye, I was never meant to live
Can't be positive, when the ghetto's where you live
Bye bye, I was never meant to be
Livin like a thief, runnin through the streets
Bye bye, and I got no place to go...
Where they find me? 16 on Death Row

[Verse 2: 2Pac]
Dear mama, these cops don't understand me
I turned to a life of crime, cause I came from a broken family
My uncle used to touch me, I never told you that
Scared what you might do, I couldn't hold you back
I kept it deep inside, I done let it fuel my anger
I'm down for all my homies, no mercy for a stranger
The brother in my cell, is 16 as well
It's hard to adapt, when you're black and you're trapped in a livin Hell
I shouldn'ta let him catch me
Instead of livin sad in jail I coulda died free and happy
And my cellmate's raped on the norm
And passed around the dorm, you can hear his asshole gettin torn
They made me an animal
Can't sleep, instead of countin sheep, niggas countin cannibals
And that's how it is in the pen
Turn old and cold, and your soul is your best friend
My mama prayed for me
Tell the Lord to make way for me, prepare any day for me (why?)
Cause when they come for me they find a struggler
To the death I take the breath from your jugular
The trick is to never lose hope
I found my buddy hangin dead from a rope, 16 on Death Row

[Verse 3: Eminem]
They think they're crazy, but they ain't crazy, let's face it
Shit, basically they're just playing sick
They ain't shit, they ain't saying shit, spray 'em 50
A to the K, get in the way I'll bring Dre and them with me
And turn this day into fucking mayhem, you staying with me?
Don't let me lose you, I'm not trying to confuse you
When I let loose with this Uzi and just shoot through your Isuzu
You get the message? Am I getting through to you?
You know what's coming, you motherfuckers don't even know, do you?
Take some Big and some Pac and you mix em up in a pot
Sprinkle a little Big L on top, what the fuck do you got?
You got the realest and illest killers tied up in a knot
The juggernauts of this rap shit, like it or not
It's like a fight to the top just to see who'd die for the spot
You put ya life in this, nothing like surviving a shot
Y'all know what time it is, soon as 50 signs on this doc
Shit what you know about death threats, cause I get a lot
Shady Records was eighty seconds away from the towers
Some cowards fucked with the wrong building, they meant to hit ours
Better evacuate all children, it's nuclear showers
There's nothing spookier
You now about to witness the power of (Death Row)The Game:
It's 3, The hard way
Black Lambo, No passengers
Black Ski mask, Chain Saw Massacre
Kill fast with the Ak-four 7
(Blacka) Yellow Tape the intersection
Loaded clips, Lock 'em in
Got a black four five
Call it Pac's revenge
I'm a mutha fuckin animal
Lil Jon be canibal
Every nigga in Atlanta Know
I'm psycho insane about my cash, they should re-open alcatraz
And sentance with a life without rehabillitaion
Fuck Governor Schwarzenegger
It's my statment
Dear Mr. President Barack Obama, Righ after you catch Osama, Tell Mr. Waso
Please let oprah know that I won't ever stop sayin bitch and hoe

Chorus:
I’m from the westside I done paid my dues, nwa is back this is front page news. I'm Makaveli the Don is what they tell me, I'm armed I put my niggas up on it Now we Amerikaz Most Wanted

I’m from the westside I done paid my dues, nwa is back this is front page news. I'm Makaveli the Don is what they tell me, I'm armed I put my niggas up on it Now we Amerikaz Most Wanted

2pac:
Sick, Thicker than most of these tricks
I got my mind on makin money but you stuck on these fake bitches
I stay blunted, And never fronted and I doubt if I do
Cause if I do, Then I get beat up by my fuckin crew
A real nigga, Since you figure that you ready to box
You catchin knots from my nigga Freddie Fox
And I, You really don't want none from Pac
Cause I'll be strapped wit a Glock
And throw thangs like I'm born to box
I'll hit this motherfuckin gin then I'll be all in
Hell yeah, Young niggas straight ballin
And everybody wants to see if I'm a g weighin' 165

Chorus:
I’m from the westside I done paid my dues, nwa is back this is front page news. I'm Makaveli the Don is what they tell me, I'm armed I put my niggas up on it Now we Amerikaz Most Wanted

I’m from the westside I done paid my dues, nwa is back this is front page news. I'm Makaveli the Don is what they tell me, I'm armed I put my niggas up on it Now we Amerikaz Most Wanted[Intro: 2Pac]
Nigga, westside!
Westside in this motherfucker
Westside in this motherfucker right here
Westside in this motherfucker

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Can't nobody stop us when we blunted up and swervin'
Packed in a Suburban
Screaming, "Outlaw!", runnin' on the curb
They never try me, ‘cause right behind me a killer team
I get the word, cut the head off a nigga, like a guillotine
This Hennessy will keep me calm though
Sittin' in the back of the club, tradin' convo
Livin' like a Don in my own mind
Signal Kadafi, nigga, watch me with the chrome 9
All the time drinkin' champagne
Walk through the crowd, let the tramps hang
Niggas player hate but do a damn thing
Picture me doin' 80, down a one-way
Stuck in the trunk, caught in gunplay
So I gotta keep my eyes open
Gettin' high, wonder why we gotta die smokin'
My alibi; a victory
Victim of a rhyme in a mark for death
Spendin' my nights like it's the last one left
I'm an outlaw

[Hook: 2Pac]
Am I wrong? I wanna get it goin' on
Last to leave, 'til I see everybody's gone
I'm at the bar, you can catch me, hands full of liquor
Or puffin' on a sweet Swisher
I'm the last one left
Tell me, am I wrong? I wanna get it goin' on
Last to leave, 'til I see everybody's gone
I'm at the bar, you can catch me, hands full of liquor
Or puffin' on a sweet Swisher
Guess I'm the last one left

[Verse 2: Napoleon]
I got my back against the wall, gat chillin' by my balls
Prior to war is a rider nigga that's only 5'6" tall
Napoleon only knows on we Outlaws, fuck fear
Better strap down to the fullest, ‘cause we outchea
Thug passion all up in me, feelin' like I took some Henny
It ain't easy, I'm tryin' to make a dollar out of two pennies
What we got is rep, nigga, wanna pull their gat, nigga
He’s only got my side ‘cause they think 'Pac died, nigga
Blast niggas with our TEC's, takin' showers in our vest
'Pac, come and catch weight, nigga, we the last ones left

[Verse 3: 2Pac]
If we would've known the zone inside my own dome
Fresh outta jail, it was hell, but I'm finally home
Lookin' for niggas that was woofin' that shit
When I was locked back
Hands on the pump, make 'em jump when it cocked back
Fuck 'em all, they're bitches inside a world of weak
Bitch niggas be afraid to speak; we the last ones left

[Hook: 2Pac]
Tell me, am I wrong? I wanna get it goin' on
Last to leave, 'til I see everybody's gone
At the bar, you can catch me, hands full of liquor
Or puffin' on a sweet Swisher
Like I'm the last one left
Am I wrong? I wanna get it goin' on
Last to leave, 'til I see everybody's gone
At the bar, you can catch me, hands full of liquor
Or puffin' on a sweet Swisher
Like I'm the last one left

[Verse 4: Kastro]
I eat and sleep the worst shit, cursed from birth
Me and my team super supreme, puttin' in work
I'm passed out, drunk as a fuck, 'til it hurt
And I call Earl screaming, "Fuck the world!"
I got a bitch on the side wanna be my wife
And wifey beefin', wanna know if she gon' see me tonight
And I know it ain't right, but it's the life I got
And that's until I see Yak, and that's until I see 'Pac
Young know I lost a troll, somebody owed me down
And if the world was a girl
I'd stick my dick in the ground; fuck the world!

[Outro: 2Pac]
Westside in this motherfucker right here
Westside in this motherfucker…
Uh, Outlaw in this motherfucker right here
Outlawz in this motherfucker
Westside in this motherfucker right here
Westside in this motherfucker…
Uh, Outlaw in this motherfucker right here
Westside in this motherfucker
In this motherfucker right here…[Intro]
Got any last words
Yeah I've got some last words
Ice Cube's in the muthafuckin' house
The nigga you love to hate

[Verse 1: Ice Cube]
Here comes the nigga with the ruff, the terror
The paranoid, gots to get the boy
Get your steel cause I feel like a headbanger
Yeah I got a gang of shits, styles guns
My Uzi weighs a motherfucking ton
Bucking down one, bucking down two
Bucking down your crew, muthafuck you
Pigs wear blue, I wear black, nothing but black
Cause Goddamn it's a brand new payback
Fuck Pat Sajak, never did nothing for a nigga
On the trigger the zigga the zag the nickel the bag
The nigga the sag the forty four mag got you running like a fag
So, keep your muthafucking jokes
Cuz, I'm that nigga with a fresh pair of locs
No yokes but smokes
Crakers and them dirty mackers friends aren't jackers
Get yah for your drawers, young niggas out to kill for the cause

[Hook]
Ice-T in the motherfucking house
L.A. Playa

[Verse 2: Ice T]
O- to the muthafuckin G, I break crazy
A lot of niggas hate me but they can't fade me
Stop me, clock me, cops wanna Glock me
But the punk motherfucking pigs can't stop me
UHH, am I a G? I got proof
Banged in my youth, keep niggas on the roof
With a scope, dough, Cube keep the rope
2Pac'll string a nigga up if the mob don't
So whats up, punk? You want what I got
Step to me wrong fuck around and get shot
Your moms crying fuck her bust her
Bitch start screaming to me and I'll dust her
Pops got the LP phat, track on hit
Laid by the muthafuckin' Bobcat
Ninety-three suckas want me to go out
Throw the ho out, bitch muthafucker, I'm rich

[Hook]
2Pac's in the muthafucking house
Nigga I'm loc'd, 2pac's gonna get'cha motherfuckers
Got any last words

[Verse 3: 2Pac]
Now they're after me, why?, cause a nigga's Black
Spittin' facts and ain't afraid to pull a trigger back
Let em come step to a real muthafucker
(Boom Boom) Mama ain't raised no suckers
Dan Quayle, don't you know you need your ass kicked?
Where was you when there was niggas in the caskets?
Muthafucker rednecks all the same
Fear a real nigga if he ain't balled and chained
That's why we burn shit and wreck
Cause the punk police ain't learned shit yet
You mutha-fuckas gonna pay the price
Can't make a Black life, don't take a Black life
It's on, the next real nigga fall dead
Dread, jheri curl, process, or bald head
Be prepared for the smoke to bust
What niggas need to do is start loc'in up
United we stand, divided we fall
They can shoot one nigga, but they can't take us all
Let's get along with the Mexicans
And we can all have peace on the sets again
Imagine that if it took place (ha ha ha)
Keeping the smile off they White face
I ain't racist but let's trade places
Trace the hate 'n face it
One nigga teach two niggas
Three teach four niggas and them niggas teach more niggas
And when we blast that'll be the biggest blast you've heard
And them is my last wordz[Intro: DJ Quik]
Hey 'Pac, it's yo' boy
Hey man so far I've been listenin' to your album
And I ain't heard nuttin you could kick back and smoke a beadie to
You know?
Yeah like that, some of that mellow shit
Some of that shit that make bitches drink
Make niggas think and help you check a fat-ass bank, hahah
So why don't you kick some of that shit, nigga only you know how
Hahahah, feel me?

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
I'm barely standin' and plus my secondhand say it's midnight
Some Alize and Cristal guaranteed to get right
Like misdemeanors is a small thang
With DJ Quik in this bitch, I let my balls hang
Runnin' through the street lights 'cause we like
Yo' nigga get your mob on show 'em what a G like
Around the corner it's like Vegas or better yet like Reno
Niggas poppin', welcome to our casino 'cause you and me know
Hundred percent like a C-note
Lookin' for a bitch that's half-black and Filipino
And when I meet her I'ma offer her some Indo
Tongue-kissin' out the window of a pearl white limo
Don't wanna be your man, I'm your nigga
Touch me here, I'll get bigger while I'm diggin' I'll get deep into your liver
I'm game type, love fuckin' bitches in the same night
My words are aphrodisiacs if you say 'em right
The club be poppin' so I'm stoppin' at the Fat Burger
Look through the paper it's another black crack murder
The city's full of surprises, you can live or you can die
You can fuck on the first night, or try in the late night

[Hook: samples & 2Pac]
"Last night.. last night changed it all"
In the late night!
"Last night.."
"I don't give a fuck, where you gon' be. Be home by eleven!"
In the late night!
"Last night.. last night changed it all"
In the late night!
"Last night.."
"I don't give a fuck, where you gon' be. Be home by eleven!"
In the late night!

[Verse 2: Hussein Fatal]
Around my way we lamp, many styles get cramped
I clock rocks in the rain 'til my socks is damp
Ain't nuttin like bein' a thug when I can just
Sit on the Row of Death straight knowin' that I'm blessed
Hussein Fatal, flawless fatality
Overdosin' on crime, three steps from reality
Get up to get down, represent your town
Last night was poppin' like like cocked Glocks with hollow-tip rounds

[Verse 3: Kadafi]
From booty-calls to bail sheets
It ain't no tellin' if I wake up in the county in my jail sheets
My intuitions and ambitions up in the late night
Probably involves me comin' up with just to see another day might be me who bites the bullet in these streets where a man journey
With crooked cops and a society who tryna burn me
I'm like a pit in a cage, spittin' my shells in a gauge
Deadly as AIDS, niggas gettin' crossed like a maze
Now picture me livin' my life like a king, maybe one day
Until then I'm livin' Monday through Sunday
Bringin' the gun play for all these beefs and battles
When we collide, I'ma ride on that hide like cattle, cowards best to skedaddle
In the late night

[Hook]
"Last night.. last night changed it all"
"Last night.."
"I don't give a fuck, where you gon' be. Be home by eleven!"
"Last night.. last night changed it all"
"Last night.."
"I don't give a fuck, where you gon' be. Be home by eleven!"

[Verse 4: 2Pac]
Money and multiple gunshots are shown, large amps are blown
Niggas in low-lows, pursuin' mo' hoes then go home
The life of a California star and when you see me
In the drop-top Jag', how many niggas wanna be me?
Game is automatic, mandatory I sell
To live or die, I survive, but with a story to tell
'Cause when you gettin' some riches, watch for dumb bitches
They have you labelled a rapist before you get to tongue-kissin'
It's a mean world nigga you strapped, must be a throwaway
Will I survive the late night to see dawn of day?
Nobody knows me, I'm a shadow
My army fatigues made for battle, pockets full of ammo
'Cause when I'm out in the streets, I'm on point, where the static?
Too many done died from semis, so now we automatic
I disappear whenever heated, ride whenever needed
For my niggas up in Clinton gettin' weeded
Continue to roll until I'm old, ride until I die
Supply long as you motherfuckers buy
My homies rolled by in a bucket, but they ain't short and duckin''
Slappin' niggas known for tellin' bitches fuck-it in the late night

[Hook: samples & 2Pac]
"Last night.. last night changed it all"
It's in the late night!
"Last night.."
"I don't give a fuck, where you gon' be. Be home by eleven!"
In the late night!
"Last night.. last night changed it all"
Holla at me in the late night!
"Last night.."
"I don't give a fuck, where you gon' be. Be home by eleven!"[Intro: 2Pac]
Te quiero
Te quiero cojer, te quiero cojer
I'll let your ass have it, te quiero cojer
Te quiero cojer, oh real?
Te quiero cojer

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Now you've been actin' like you want it for a long time
All up in a nigga face, givin' me them strong vibes
Look in my eyes and you'll find peace
A Gemini, so you really blow my mind freak, come on
I got my clothes off, hard as a nigga in jail
Skinny niggas throw the dick well
Everybody get their condoms, brother cause it's time to fuck
Hurry up and put it on nigga, time is up
What's next? - got my mind on some group sex
Where you goin', baby? I ain't even through yet
Do it like a true vet, love it how I threw it to ya
In and out make it good to ya, remember me?
I love fuckin' slow with the lights low
Black, Puerto Rican, even White hoes; bellisimo
Que Linda, dame beso, come to Papi
Fuck until the shit is sloppy, if you really want it

[2Pac + Honey]
[Honey] Really.. want it
[Pac] Get your ass up; you know it, if you really want it
You really want it, you really want it
If, you really want it, if you really want it
If, you really want it, if you really want it
[Honey] Really want it (I really want it)
[Pac] Really want it

[Pre-Hook: 2Pac]
Alright all my real niggas and my real bitches
Let me see you do it like this, c'mon

[Hook: 2Pac & SKG]
Rock, your body body, rock your body body
Rock, your body body, rock your body body
Rock, your body body, rock your body body
Rock, your body body, we came to
Rock, your body body, rock your body body
Rock, your body body, rock your body body
Rock, your body body, rock your body body
Rock, your body body, we came to

[Verse 2: SKG]
Daddy rock a player body 'til I tell you to stop
Hit the right spot if not leave money and kick rocks
I'm a thug ho, I need a thug nigga up beside me
A player that can ride me, a cat that can rob me
Make a jazzy ho like me bust a sweat
Hit it from the back, grab me by my neck, demand your respect
I'm not a on my back ho, I ride the dick and hit it 'til it cold
Bustin' fits of nuts, get 'em up
I'm a Sagittarius freak, my real hoes feel me
Legs open wide, nigga dick inside
Like Barry White "Tonight's the Night" for you to hit it doggie style
Lay me on my stomach while I'm countin' them hundreds
Fake bitches wanna front like they don't wanna keep it real
You know you want a thug nigga just to see how it feel
Hoes wanna rock Gabbana, Dolce and Versace
Let me rock your body mouth on my [?] call you Papi

Rock, your body body, rock your body
Rock, your body body, rock your body

[2Pac]
Yeah, like that? Yeah

[SKG]
Rock, your body body, rock your body
Rock, your body body, rock your body

[2Pac]
Yeah, yeah, yeah, I feel you
Do it, do it, do it, do it

[SKG]
Yeah, uhh, c'mon, uhh

[Hook: 2Pac & SKG]
Rock, your body body, rock your body body
Rock, your body body, rock your body ..
Rock, your body body, rock your body
Rock, your body (see..)
Your body body, rock your body body
Rock, your body body, rock..

[Verse 3: 2Pac]
See, it all started simple, turned into me lickin' the nipples
Fuckin' you doggie style to this instrumental
Hands up, all up inside ya, hell I can stand ya
Eyes open I don't plan to bust, just hold on
Baby let me zone in, whaddyou mean?
Can you scream let it go beotch, how does it feel?
Got a nigga like steel in ya, to keep goin'
Now I'm fuckin' like I'm killin' ya, let's go another round
Baby is you down really, two shots of ecstasy
Lick a nigga down silly, your body next to me
I could touch you inside, and you'll cry
So good when a nigga leave, you'll die
My mama told me baby be a man put it on her
Hittin' bitches like, switches comin' around the corner
I wanna let me get my ride on
It's yo' dick baby but it's my song, now if you really want it

Rock, your body body, rock your body
Rock, your body body, and if you really want it

[SKG] If you really want it
[Pac] Yeah, if you really want it

[Outro]
Gots to send this one out to the freaky bitches
Definitely all the Scorpios, and the Geminis, and the Virgos
You know I know the truth about you Scorpios and you Virgos
No doubt gotta give it to the Capricorns
They some freaks too on the down down
The Libras, they like it even but they still like fuckin'
No doubt, Aquariuses, Libras, I said those
Leos, yeah they some freaks, Leos is freaks
They always wanna run shit in bed
Sagittarius, Taurus, Cancer, all you freaky fucks
I'm a zodiac fucker I'll do you all one at a time
And all down the line, let's get busy[2Pac]
Let knowledge drop
Why should I be forced to play dumb?
I know where I came from so I'm going to claim some
But rocking to the top where the cream of the crop
Suckers calling the cops but they can come and get dropped
Stop think of the past the brothers that die for
Sucker to try for never to cry more
Tricks to hold his back but we'll see at the end
He's a fake not a friend
So he's thinking of when he can backstab grab or go your hole
Yo he's a trick so he sold his soul for gold
Now I know the reason we must excel
Cause if we don't we'll end up in the cell
Move on be strong with unity
Cause that's the only way to build communities
Lies are told but yo lives must move on
And never stop open your mind to this rhyme and let it drop

[Hook]
Drop that [3x]
Let knowledge drop

[Rock]
Yo I'm running so I refuse to stop
Get sweated by them sell out cops
And I wink cause I pin the opposition
I'm on a mission to preach and teach to reach
So listen up to the flavor I gave you now dropping it
We folks know ballers know no stopping it
Dropping knowledge like the ay bomb dilly as napalm
I got you scared and nervous you tried to stay calm
For the simple fact that I'm black and educated
Proud of who am I and you hated
So all I have tried for this many have die for this
You see it and you hear it and you loving it
Now you buying this always keep your head look to the mountain top
Aiyyo rock and let knowledge drop

[Hook]
Drop that [3x]
Let knowledge drop

[2Pac]
Suckers suffocate when I hype this because you can write this
You constantly bite this
Thought that you could get me but you sweating me too close
Caught with the dope dose
Now suckers get toast wondering who you tossed
Cause you building a boom force
Like what you hearing so your checking with the source
2Pac brother with the rhymes to rock on
Dizzy gets busy by putting beats to drop on
Amateurs get damaged if you try to attack me
Suckers get jealous cause the girls get at me
I'm not conceited but defeated I won't be
As long as there's dope beats I'll never be lonely stop
And let me breathe a minute
Aiyyo Dizzy what's up put the base back in it

[Hook]
Let knowledge drop [3x]

[Rock]
By any means neccessary it's kind of scary
Knowledge of the hands of adversaries
Makes them the larger leader kind of guerilla control
I was waiting for a present GOD gave me a goal
I refuse to be busting like a sucker for I'm fighting like a titan
And run you down like a truck
I'll take a chance I vote for rock can see
Not mediocrity thinking security you got deal with me
Knowledge appealed to me
Pay back's a mutha if you steal from me
The bass pumps as the speakers pop the house jump
And knowledge drops

[Hook]
Drop that [3x]
Let knowledge drop
Strictly strictly yea dope [till end][Intro: 2Pac]
Turn it up loud
(Laughs)
Hey, man
You lil' sucker for love
I can't lie, word up, you sucker for love
(Laughs)


[Verse 1: 2Pac]
I should seen
You was trouble right from the start, taught me so many lessons
How not to mess with broken hearts, so many questions
When this began we was the perfect match, perhaps
We had some problems but we workin' at it, and now
The arguments are gettin' loud, I wanna stay
But I can't help from walkin' out, just throw it away
Just take my hand and understand, if you could see
I never planned to be your man it just wasn't me
But now I'm searchin' for commitment, in other arms
I wanna shelter you from harm, don't be alarmed
Your attitude was the cause, you got me stressin'
Soon as I open up the door with your jealous questions
Like where can I be you're killin' me with your jealousy
Now my ambition's to be free
I can't breathe, cause soon as I leave, it's like a trap
I hear you callin' me to come back, I'm a sucker for love

[Chorus: Gwen Stefani]
If I had to give you more, it's only been a year
(Sucker for love)
Now I've got my foot through the door, and I ain't going nowhere
(Sucker for love)
It took a while to get me here, and I'm gonna take my time
(Sucker for love)
Don't fight that good shit in your ear, now let me blow ya mind

[Verse 2: 2pac]
Just when I thought I broke away and I'm feelin' happy
You try to trap me say you pregnant and guess who the daddy
Don't wanna fall for it, but in this case what could I do? So now I'm back
To makin' promises to you, tryin' to keep it true
What if I'm wrong, a trick to keep me holdin' on
Tryin' to be strong and in the process, keep you goin'
I'm bout to lose my composure, I'm gettin' close
To packin' up and leavin' notes, and gettin' ghost
Tell me who knows, a peaceful place where I can go
To clear my head I'm feelin' low, losin' control
My heart is sayin' leave, oh what a tangle web we weave
When we conspire to conceive, and now
You gettin' calls at the house, guess you cheatin'
That's all I need to hear cause I'm leavin', I'm out the do'
Never no more will you see me, this is the end
Cause now I know you've been cheatin', I'm a sucker for love

[Chorus: Gwen Stefani]
If I had to give you more, it's only been a year
(Sucker for love)
Now I've got my foot through the door, and I ain't going nowhere
(Sucker for love)
It took a while to get me here, and I'm gonna take my time
(Sucker for love)
Don't fight that good shit in your ear, now let me blow ya mind

[Verse 3: 2pac]
Now he left you with scars, tears on your pillow and you still stay
As you sit and pray, hoping the beatings'll go away
It wasn't always a hit and run relationship
It use to be love, happiness and companionship
Remember when I treated you good
I moved you up to the hills, out the ills of the ghetto hood
Me and you a happy home, when it was on
I had a love to call my own
I should seen you was trouble but I was lost, trapped in your eyes
Preoccupied with gettin' tossed, no need to lie
You had a man and I knew it, you told me
Don't worry bout it we can do it now I'm under pressure
Make a decision cause I'm waitin', when I'm alone
I'm on the phone havin' secret conversations, huh
I wanna take your misery, replace it with happiness
But I need your faith in me, I'm a sucker for love

[Chorus: Gwen Stefani]
If I had to give you more, it's only been a year
(Sucker for love)
Now I've got my foot through the door, and I ain't going nowhere
(Sucker for love)
It took a while to get me here, and I'm gonna take my time
(Sucker for love)
Don't fight that good shit in your ear, now let me blow ya' mind[Capital L.S talking]
Yeah
Turn up that motherfucking base
Aight

[2Pac talking]
Yo One Nation nigga
Thought you heard nigga
One Nation

[Capital L.S talking]
Fucking bullshit nigga
We got to get this motherfucking paper
Boot Camp Clik
Aight you know what I'm saying
Mad niggas want to talk about that East - West bullshit
But you know it's all bullshit

[2Pac talking]
Smith and Wesson in this motherfucker, right now
Greg Nice in this motherfucker, right now
L.S. In this motherfucking, right now
Baby Jesus And The All Star's, right now
2Pac and The Outlawz
Got The Luniz in this Bitch

[Capital L.S talking]
We got to put a lock on niggas jaws, so we gonna do it like this, check it out

[Verse 1: Capital L.S]
Like lamp shades
Now they rant and rave
I'm raw
Plus I got more plants to blaze
Fiends came back with thieves
With files Long as Stant. Isle and back to Queens
We strap black Mac's with beam's
I'm tight fear
I'm that nightmare that killed that dream
My gat steam crazy buzz
I slit wit wigs, plus some bid for your baby love
I'll play the role till I'm grey and old
Haha
With your pop's on the bed roll
No doubt
I'm caught out with your daughter
South of the border
Colt made them Outlawz

[Verse 2:  2Pac]
Check it out
Is it, money and women?
The funny beginnings tragic ending's
I can make a million and still not get enough of spending
And since my life is based on sinning, I'm hell bound
Rather be buried than be worried, living held down
My game plan to be trained in
Military mind of a thug lord sitting in a cemetery cryin'
I've been lost since my adolescence calling for Jesus
Balling as a youngster wondering if he see's us
Young black males
Crack sales got me three strikes
Living in jail this is hell enemies die
Wonder when we all pass, is anybody listening
Got my hands on my semi shotty, everybody's snitching
Please god can you understand me
Bless my family
Guide us all before we fall into insanity
I'm making a point to make my beat bumping raw life
Drop some shit to make these stupid bitches jaws tight

[Chorus: 2Pac]
Go, Niggas want to get it on let's fight
I got some niggas in my click
That make them motherfuckers jaws tight
Now
Go, Niggas want to get it on let's fight
I got some niggas in my click
That make them motherfuckers jaws tight

[Verse 3 : Tek]
Chi-Chi bong water bong
'Nough weed for everyone
Enter the class now we kill you with sound
See bad boy with gun, who buss jus' fi' fun
Or black youth them move about a three ton
Soldier from jungle never take back free shot's
But that ended up at when man [?] fly

[Verse 4: Buckshot]
The impulse makes your body pulse beat off a beat per minute (Ohhhh)
As I get up in it
Construction no limit
Pin it like a cat in a dog fight
We gone get it on tonight
For all y'all who put up the wall to stall
But didn't realize that the weak would fall
The best pick out of the crop of MCs got rocked by the fact of realness
Stop, the shit, block parties was a thing of the past (Thing of the past)
Motherfucking club hopping was suppose to last (Suppose to last)
But all I see
Is niggas by the mass (By the mass)
Fuck even bitches came to kick some ass (Kick some ass)
But don't keep the club close that ain't my fault (What?)
Take them back to a grain of salt (To a grain of salt)
Take the indigence ever since BDI went solo (Oh)
I hold my cash [?] for a dollar

[Chorus 2Pac]
Let's, go, Niggas want to get it on let's fight
I got some niggas in my click
That make them motherfuckers jaws tight
Go, Niggas want to get it on let's fight
I got some niggas in my click
That make them motherfuckers jaws tight

[Verse 5 : Steele]
Up to bring them dukes up
Fuck niggas up 'till they puke up
Shoot up the party if they don't let me in
Get my whole click to let me in
Outlawz

[Verse 6: EDI]
I told 'em
I told 'em
I told 'em
Shut the fuck up
Your voice is hurting working my last nerve
Yo that's my word I'm about to take off
Break off a chunk of this trick ass chump
Who's knowing deep in his heart
He ain't wanting to see no funk
When he drunk
Yeah that nigga done go to him
Ran through him got him thinking he can ruin
Now he thinking I'm pursuing
Who's in, the motherfucking house
(Outlawz)
'97 we put some paw's on these motherfuckers jaws

[Verse 7: Numskull]
I see the same old shit blame it on the jabber jaw's who blabber all nigga's business
Shut your mouth before I shit in it
I got the strength to make their jaw's tight don't forget ho's I got the game to make their draw's right
Don't go Hollywood
That's what they tell me
They bought my fucking tape but I can see that they ain't felt me
Heard what I said they started churpin' like birdies
Drunk off rum bumpin' gum's like girlies
Puttin' they lip's all on my Henn' bottle
Nigga slow down put on the brakes on all that chin gobble
Squabble squabble nigga this is Oakland Beirut
Stop opening up your jaw's thinking that this whole shit it's cute

[Verse 8: Napoleon]
But it's this I'm hearing
That young Napoleon is disappearin'
But I cancel that shit for I reverse on this clip
And leave you fucked left right something evil
All my life I've been trapped down by my own people

[Verse 9: Kadafi]
I'm on some shit to make your tummy's turn
Full clip's ready to pull quick
Fuck all that bullshit I ain't concerned
It's evident
I need dead president's the city slicker
Jersey jigger
Feel my residence from we turn

[Verse 10: Napoleon]
Talk about times is hard
Come take a trip down my boulevard
At your own risk
Got niggas that's homeless
But'll leave you scared

[Verse 11: Kadafi]
Trapped in these bar's of crime
Droppin' picture my nine hittin' cowards up from there feet to there spine
In this game all rules apply
With no exception's all niggas die living high
With no easy exits

[Verse 12: Napoleon]
Leave your body over chocking when this gat get to smoking
All you pussies from here to Hoboken
Leave niggas jaws tight

[Chorus till fade][Intro]
To my unborn child…
To my unborn child
In case I don’t make it
Just remember, Daddy loves you

[Verse 1]
Now ever since my birth, I've been cursed, since I'm born to wile
In case I never get to holla at my unborn child
Many things learned in prison, blessed and still livin'
Tryna earn every penny that I'm gettin'
I'm reminiscin' to the beginnin' of my mission
When I was conceived and came to be in this position
My mama was a Panther, loud single parent, but she proud
When she witnessed baby boy rip a crowd
Went to school, but I dropped out and left the house
‘Cause my mama say I'm good for nothin', so I'm out
Since I only got one life to live, God forgive me for my sins
Let me make it and I'll never steal again or deal again
My only friend is my misery
Wantin' revenge for the agony they did to me
See, my life ain't promised, but it's sure gettin' better
Hope you understand my love letter, to my unborn child

[Hook: Natasha Walker]
I'm writing you a letter
This is to my unborn child
Wanna let you know I love you
If you didn't know I feel this way
‘Cause I think about you every day
I have so much to say

[Verse 2]
Seems so complicated to escape fate
And you can never understand 'til we trade places
Tell the world I feel guilty for bein' anxious
Ain't no way in hell that I could ever be a rapist
It's hard to face this cold world on a good day
When will they let the little kids in the hood play?
I got shot five times, but I'm still breathin'
Living proof there's a God if you need a reason
Can I believe in my own fate?
Will I raise my kids in the right or the wrong way?
Dear Mama, I'm a man now
I wanna make it on my own, not a handout
Make way for a whirlwind prophesized
I wanna go in peace when I gotta die
On these cold streets, ain't no love, no mercy and no friends
In case you never see my face again, to my unborn child

[Hook: Natasha Walker]
I'm writing you a letter
This is to my unborn child
Wanna let you know I love you
If you didn't know I feel this way
‘Cause I think about you every day
I have so much to say

[Verse 3]
Dear Lord, can you hear me?
Tell me what to say
To my unborn seed in case I pass away
Will my child get to feel love?
Or are we all just cursed to be street thugs?
‘Cause bein' black hurts, and even worse if you speak first
Livin' my life as an Outlaw – what could be worse?
‘Cause maybe if I tried to change
Who'm I kiddin'? I'm a thug 'til I die; I'm a rider, mane
Touch bases, eat lunch in plush places
Regular criminal oasis awaits us
If there's a ghetto for true thugs, I'll see you there
And I'm sorry for not bein' there
Just know your daddy was a soldier: Me Against the World
Bless the boys and all my little girls
To the Lord: I'm eternal, restin' in peace
Please take care of all my seeds, to my unborn child

[Outro]
Please take care of all my kids and my unborn child
To my unborn child…
This letter goes out to my seeds
That I might not get to see ‘cause of this lifestyle
Just know your daddy loved you
Got nothin' but love for you
And all I wanted was for you to have a better life than I had
‘Cause I was out there on a 24 hour 365 grind
When you get to be my age, you’ll understand
Just know I got love for you
And I’ll see you if there’s a ghetto in Heaven
If there’s a Ghetto Heaven, I’ll be there waitin' for you
Heh heh, take care, run wild, but be smart
Follow the rules of the game
I know sometimes there’s confusion
Rules of the game is gonna get you through it all day every day
Watch out for these snakes and fakes
Friends come a dime-a-dozen
Be an individual, work hard
Study, get your mind sharp, trust nobodyBig Lock!
What the fuck iz up wit ya my homie!
I know it took me awhile 2 reach back
2 u, but I'm sure u know how hectic
Timez have become lately, but just recognize
The fact that not a day passes that that I
Don't reminisce about that spot & the true
& fakez I came across. Az 4 me
My record sold 5 million, so I love it like that
I'm tearin' B.I.G. a new ass :)
I'm doing a record now called ONE NATION
It's a group album with me, Greg Nice, Buckshot
Smif-n-Wessun, OutKast, The Outlawz, Scarface & E-40
It'll be out in the late summer. What tapez
U need? I'll try 2 get some new material
2 u when I can. Stay on point, playa. Keep
The faith, shit getz better. Don't even sweat
The bitch made niggas that try 2 playa hate
Me becuz they can't c me. Tell my real
Doggz, my real true niggas "One Love"
STAY ALIVE! I got that gardener job
Waiting 4 u and the benefitz r perfect, so
When u get here, I'm witcha! Let a nigga
Know what you need!

The world iz ourz
Westside IV Life
2PacNOV-22-88

Dear Beethoven,

I felt compelled 2 write u. I can't really complain, but I really feel good vibes From u. I'm almost sure we'll Be very close FrienDs. I would have never guessed that u+I would be Friends. But as the old saying goes... wait, how does THAT saying go? Forget it! u get the point! I want u 2 KNOW THAT u can TELL me ANYTHing and if u ever need a SHoulder 2 cry on, u can cry on mine. I have so many good Thoughts about what lies ahead 4 us and it is my Hope THAT they all come True. As u will soon FiND OUT, I DO NOT spare words, I say what I feel. So if something I say scares u please don't panic because I tend to get over emotional. My heart usually leads me 2 fast and THAT's probably why I always get Hurt. So if it seems as THough I'm moving 2 fast please slow me down! Talking 2 u on the phone was SucH a good feeling 4 me. I was Beginning 2 FEEL ALONE & OUT OF THE BLUE, I meeT u & it's almost Like I've KNOWN u 4 years. We HAVE SO MUCH IN COMMON. We Both Love Prince We HAVE BOTH HAD broken hearts and we Both ADoRe CANDles! WHAT ELSE COULD I ask 4! C U 2morrow Beethoven!

4 ETERNITY
TUPAC SHAKUR

P.S. my # is 332-4725Nina,

Sorry it took so long I did get your First letter and I enjoyed it. It helped my spirit rebuild Here is where My Heart is at this time. It's long but it's True. Use it as U see fit. I am not granting this information 2 any other publication, not even time & RollingStone so please represent it as it is layed. I trust u. I feel u and it is your call Do whatever works. Thanks Again

Eternal love.
2PAC
Tupac Shakur[Intro]
Throw them thangs
Throw them thangs (kick me in!)
Throw them thangs (yo nigga, throw…)

[Verse 1]
The quicker the nigga can go on
The faster the nigga can get his dough on
Then I can hit my flow and get my ho on
Them niggas don't know what goes on
They tryin' to fuck with all they clothes on
Then act up when all the hoes gone

[Hook]
Are you ready for my flow? Hit me! (Hoooooooo!)
Are you ready for my flow? Hit me! (Hoooooooo!)
Are you ready for my flow? Hit me! (Hoooooooo!)
Stop frontin', motherfucker, let them thangs go!

[Verse 2]
I'm quick to kill a nigga, any nigga, feel me nigga
You can't fade me, I'm way too fuckin' real nigga
2Pacalypse Now, still down with the Underground
Niggas get clowned when I come around
Boom boom, motherfucker, and it don't stop
Fuck a cop, pass the Glock, and it won't stop

[Hook]
If you ready for my flow, hit me! (Hoooooooo!)
If you ready for my flow, hit me! (Hoooooooo!)
If you ready for my flow, hit me! (Hoooooooo!)
Stop frontin', motherfucker, let them thangs go!

[Verse 3]
If you wonderin' the thunder and the trouble
Is comin' from the rebel as I hit ya from the lower level
Hit me once fuckin' D M and two times
Poppin' like two 9's hittin' 'em with new rhymes
I can make you love me
Best to chill with the nigga 'cause you sure can't punch me

[Hook]
If you feel me, let me hear you say: (rock that shit!)
If you feel me, let me hear you say: (rock that shit!)
If you feel me, let me hear you say: (rock that shit!)
'Cause ain't a nigga alive that can stop the hit

[Interlude: Spice1 & 2Pac]
Hey, hold on, young 'Pac
Motherfuckers ain't ridin' no hookers out here
Punk motherfuckers think the Town
Ain't got handle bars on and shit
And you lie to get slapped behind here
With a motherfuckin' motor, punk sissy

Tell them motherfuckin' square-ass niggas
Check this out
Y'all finna come up off those motherfuckin' thangs
'Cause I ain't finna be up in sweatin' for nothin'
You little punk square nigga!

[Verse 4]
I'm quick to spit the shit get you open
Straight outta Oakland
Fuck the law, get your jaw broken
Ba-ba-ba-bang bang, nigga, it's a stick-up, dee
Turn the kick up, I'm ready to rip the shit up, G
They got me hype-hype-hyper, am I hype enough?
Pass the blunt, motherfucker, let me light shit up!
And pump you fist like this
'Cause the cops can't flip on a whole damn clique
So suck dick!
What they hittin' 'fo? Double up, nigga it's on
The type of nigga that likes to bone with the lights on

[Hook]
If you ready for a nigga, hit me! (Hooooooo!)
If you ready for a nigga, hit me! (Hooooooo!)
If you ready for a nigga, hit me! (Hooooooo!)
Stop frontin', motherfucker, let them thangs go!

[Verse 5]
Yes, some of you niggas are bitches too
Little square motherfuckers tryin' to get to who?
Pop pop, never made it to your punk-ass clique
Talk shit, now you gotta get your punk-ass whipped
For the bitches that be tryin' to work a nigga (fuck that bitch!)
For the tramps that be tryin' to jerk a nigga (fuck that trick!)
For the rollers that be tryin' to irk a nigga (fuck the cops!)
I'ma hustle and you punks can't hurt me nigga

[Hook]
If you ready for a nigga, hit me! (Hooooooo!)
If you ready for a nigga, hit me! (Hooooooo!)
If you ready for a nigga, hit me! (Hooooooo!)
Stop frontin', motherfucker, let them thangs go!

[Outro]
Uh, uh, yeah
Let them thangs go[Intro]
Yes lord, yes lord
Death Row said so
All hail, all hail
Outlawz
Let's get ready to rumble
Let's get ready to rumble
HAHAHAHA
Yeah!
Throw ya hands up!
Throw ya hands up!
Throw ya hands up!
In this corner
The ghetto gladiator
Iron Mike Tyson
Never been defeated
Can't keep a good man down!
And in this corner riding with him
Ha Ha

[Verse 1]
All they see is black venom, then my silhouette
Just watch the fear reappear in they eyes when I hit the set
Oh no, 2Pac wit' team Tyson, Seldon was seldom seen
Iron Mike cut his head like a guillotine
Time for some action, you're makin' me high, like Toni Braxton
Bustas switching like Dennis Rodman, we still mashin'
I put my hand up to God, life is hard, filled with stress
Throwing blows in this square, circle to see who's best
Mike don't hurt 'em! What they scream, wait! What they mean?
Tyson put in work, his head touched the whole Colosseum
Better act up when I see him, we loud in the front row
Hype up the crowd if you don't like it, what you come for?
All hail, to fortified to fail
The Bed-Stuy ass kicker, split the water like a sharks tail
Still strugglin', may god help me bubble
Hit the ring, do my thing, all opposed feel trouble
Get it on!

[Hook]
Let's get ready to rumble
Haha, let's do this (yea)
Let's get ready to rumble (you know)
Let's get it on
Throw ya hands up, throw ya hands up
Where they at? Where they at?

[Verse 2]
Round 2
Right, left then left, right I seen him stutter WHAT?
He didn't duck and got stuck wit' yo' uppercut!
Now hear the crowd screaming, It's like they fiendin'
Oh, don't you love how that black man swing?
We keep it real, tell Holyfield, he next in line
So get his heart problem checked 'fore he steps to mine
And Seldon, I hardly know ya, don't bother me to show ya
Let ya head get gassed by that fast promoter
Be real forever, so feel my leather in combinations
Connecting like dot to dot in steady formations
Swift and deadly, 'cause this be deathly
I'm a soldier, it's too late now, I tried to told ya
Get it on!

[Ad-libs + Hook]
Let's get ready to rumble
YES! YES! (huhu)
Let's get it on
Aight this ain't goin' last long, y'all know how Tyson do it
So what, we gon' wipe beat this boy silly (hehhe)
And then we go all, go party at 66 deuce mob style
So Tyson do ya thang boy... do ya thang
Let's get it on now (so whatcha want?)
Yes, let's get it on (whatcha want, now?)
Let's get ready to rumble!! (whatcha want?)
Let's get it on now (UH, whatcha want, now?)
Yes, let's get it on (so whatcha want?)
Yes, let's get it on (so whatcha want, now?)
Let's get ready to rumble!!! (whatcha want, now?)
Where ya at? Where ya at? Where ya at, now?
Where ya at? Where ya at? Where ya at, now?
Where ya at? Where ya at? Where ya at, now?
Hey Holyfield, you next! HA
Where ya at? Where ya at? Where ya at, now?
Where ya at? Where ya at? Where ya at, now?
Where ya at? Where ya at? Where ya at, now? (YO!)
Hey Holyfield, (HEY HEY) you next!
HAHA
Where ya at?
Yeah, Iron Mike Tyson, team Tyson of theme song haha
By the thug you loved 'day
2Pacalypse now, Makaveli The Don
Outlawz, Death Row, Westside 'til we die
It don't stop hahaha
It's going down niggaExcuse me but Lady Liberty needs glasses
And so does Mrs. Justice by her side
Both the broads R blind as bats
Stumbling thru the system
Justice bumped into Mutulu and
Trippin' on Geronimo Pratt
But stepped right over Oliver
And his crooked partner Ronnie
Justice stubbed her Big Toe on Mandela
And liberty was misquoted by the Indians
Slavery was a learning phase
Forgotten without a verdict
While Justice is on a rampage
4 endangered surviving Black males
I mean really if anyone really valued life
And cared about the masses
They'd take 'em both 2 Pen Optical
And get 2 pairs of glasses[Intro]
(Yeah, if she didn't wanna fuck
Then she never should've called you)
I dedicate this to my nigga, Mike Tyson
(If she didn't wanna fuck Then she never should've called you)

[Hook: 2Pac]
You ain't got to lie to kick it
To them tricks and them bitches
Out to get a nigga's riches
You ain't got to lie to kick it
To them tricks and them bitches
Out to get a nigga's riches
You ain't got to lie to kick it

[Verse 1: Richie Rich]
Jack of all trades ballin' like Jordan you punk
Fake inside the paint in fact I know you can't
Do half of the shit that you was claimin' in the county
Suckas on yo jock you claim you run the block
Polyurethane busta cracked in half
You claim you foldin' bank but I know yo bank stank
I lived around the corner I seen you fully smoked
Must I say some more you weighed a buck 04
You sold ya TV for a buck cause it was way too late
Now they sent you upstate and you done gained some weight
You's a baller lyin' to them youngstas quick
Got them thinkin' you sick and representin' yo click
But you's an old basehead kickin' too much hype
Yo bicentennial pipe it got rally stripes
And if they knew yo identity
You'd probably be the victim of a stickin' (ugh ugh)
You ain't got to lie to kick it

[Hook: 2Pac]
You ain't got to lie to kick it
To them tricks and them bitches
Out to get a nigga's riches
You ain't got to lie to kick it
To them tricks and them bitches
Out to get a nigga's riches
You ain't got to lie to kick it
To them tricks and them bitches (aight!), (you know what I'm sayin')
Out to get a nigga's riches (real niggas up, hoes down)
You ain't got to lie to kick it
To them tricks and them bitches (aight!)
Out to get a nigga's riches

[Verse 2: 2Pac]
You ain't got to lie to kick it
Y'all don't hear me
I got these niggas yackin' in my face
About some shit that never took place
And what you see is what you get, that's what he told me
I peeped it in his pose, exposed the fuckin' phony
I'm gettin' richer so they claim to be my homie
With them bitches, they be speakin' down on me
Hey, it's gettin' drastic
Gunnin' niggas down cause they plastic
Sleep on a G and get that ass kicked
And stuffed in a casket
Rippin' the shit like it's my muthafuckin' last hit
Hey they wonder why a nigga's nothin' nice
And every time I bust a nut I fuck for Tyson
Cause I know the real on the bitch
She got to skit ya just to get a nigga's riches (fuck that bitch)
I pray to God that the bitch don't get no dick
And got a nigga screamin' Fuck That Bitch!

[Hook: 2Pac]
You ain't got to lie to kick it
To the tricks and the bitches
Out to get a nigga's riches
You ain't got to lie to kick it
To them tricks and them bitches
Out to get a nigga's riches
You ain't got to lie to kick it
To them tricks and them bitches (aight!), (you know what I'm sayin')
Out to get a nigga's riches
You ain't got to lie to kick it
To them tricks and them bitches (aight!)
Out to get a nigga's riches
You ain't got to lie to kick it

[Verse 3: 2Pac & Richie Rich]
Well if a bitch'll be a bitch
Then a trick'll be a trick
I got my nigga Richie Rich and we be all up in the mix
This is Thug Life baby rollin' hoes like Vogues
Stay the fuck up out of mine
And I'll stay out of yours
It's a Oakland thang and bitch you wouldn't understand
This Tanqueray got me screamin', Fuck yo' man
But now you beefin' on the strength
That you was thinkin' I was jockin'
Hey bitch I got no time for hoes I'm steady clockin'
And if it ain't about a buck I gives a fuck
It's raggedy hoes like you that keep a nigga stuck
So what's up with them low life bitches tryin' to play me
Bitch you better see Trojan about yo' baby (Ha ha)
Trickin' niggas better catch up on they pimpin'
Cause bitches love to catch a nigga when they slippin'

[Hook: 2Pac & Richie]
You ain't got to lie to kick it
To them tricks and them bitches
Out to get a nigga's riches
You ain't got to lie to kick it
To them tricks and them bitches
Out to get a nigga's riches
You ain't got to lie to kick it
To them tricks and them bitches
Out to get a nigga's riches
You ain't got to lie to kick it
To them tricks and them bitches
Out to get a nigga's riches
You ain't got to lie to kick it
To them tricks and them bitches
Out to get a nigga's riches
You ain't got to lie to kick it
To them tricks and them bitches
Out to get a nigga's riches
You ain't got to lie to kick it..[Chorus]
How many brothers fell victim to the streets?
Rest in peace, young nigga, there's a heaven for a G
Be a lie If I told you that I never thought of death
My niggas, we the last ones left, but life goes on
How many brothers fell victim to the streets?
Rest in peace, young nigga, there's a heaven for a G
Be a lie If I told you that I never thought of death
My niggas, we the last ones left, but life goes on

[Verse 1]
As I bail through the empty halls, breath stinkin' in my jaws
Ring, ring, ring — quiet, y'all, incomin' call
Plus this my homie from high school, he gettin' by
It's time to bury another brother, nobody cry
Life as a baller: alcohol and booty calls
We used to do 'em as adolescents, do you recall?
Raised as G's, loc'ed out, and blazed the weed
Get on the roof, let's get smoked out, and blaze with me
Two in the morning and we still high, assed out
Screamin', "Thug 'til I die!" before I passed out
But now that you're gone, I'm in the zone
Thinkin' I don't wanna die all alone, but now you gone
And all I got left are stinkin' memories
I love them niggas to death, I'm drinkin' Hennessy
While tryin' to make it last
I drank a fifth for that ass when you passed, 'cause life goes on

[Chorus]
How many brothers fell victim to the streets?
Rest in peace, young nigga, there's a heaven for a G
Be a lie If I told you that I never thought of death
My niggas, we the last ones left, but life goes on
How many brothers fell victim to the streets?
Rest in peace, young nigga, there's a heaven for a G
Be a lie If I told you that I never thought of death
My niggas, we the last ones left, and life goes on

[Verse 2]
Yeah nigga, I got the word it's hell
You blew trial and the judge gave you 25 with an L
Time to prepare to do fed time, won't see parole
Imagine life as a convict that's gettin' old
Plus with the drama, we're lookin' out for your baby's mama
Takin' risks, while keepin' cheap tricks from gettin' on her
Life in the hood is all good for nobody
Remember gamin' on dumb hotties at yo' party
Me and you, no truer two, while schemin' on hits
And gettin' tricks that maybe we can slide into
But now you buried — rest, nigga, 'cause I ain't worried
Eyes blurry, sayin' goodbye at the cemetery
Though memories fade
I got your name tatted on my arm
So we both ball 'til my dyin' days
Before I say goodbye
Kato and Mental, rest in peace! Thug 'til I die!

[Chorus]
How many brothers fell victim to the streets?
Rest in peace, young nigga, there's a heaven for a G
Be a lie If I told you that I never thought of death
My niggas, we the last ones left, but life goes on
How many brothers fell victim to the streets?
Rest in peace, young nigga, there's a heaven for a G
Be a lie If I told you that I never thought of death
My niggas, we the last ones left, 'cause life goes on

[Verse 3]
Bury me smilin' with G's in my pocket
Have a party at my funeral, let every rapper rock it
Let the hoes that I used to know
From way befo' kiss me from my head to my toe
Give me a paper and a pen, so I can write about my life of sin
A couple bottles of gin, in case I don't get in
Tell all my people I'm a Ridah
Nobody cries when we die, we Outlawz, let me ride
Until I get free
I live my life in the fast lane, got police chasin' me
To my niggas from old blocks, from old crews
Niggas that guided me through back in the old school
Pour out some liquor, have a toast for the homies
See, we both gotta die, but you chose to go before me
And brothers miss you while you gone
You left your nigga on his own; how long we mourn? Life goes on

[Chorus]
How many brothers fell victim to the streets?
Rest in peace, young nigga, there's a heaven for a G
Be a lie If I told you that I never thought of death
My niggas, we the last ones left, but life goes on
How many brothers fell victim to the streets?
Rest in peace, young nigga, there's a heaven for a G
Be a lie If I told you that I never thought of death
My niggas, we the last ones left, but life goes on

[Outro]
Life goes on, homie
Gone on, 'cause they passed away
Niggas doin' life
Niggas doin' 50 and 60 years and shit
I feel you, nigga, trust me, I feel you
You know what I mean?
Last year we poured out liquor for ya
This year, nigga, life goes on, we're gonna clock now
Get money, evade bitches, evade tricks
Give playa haters plenty of space
And basically just represent for you, baby
Next time you see your niggas, we gon' be on top, nigga
You gon' be like, "Goddamn, them niggas came up!"
That's right, baby, life goes on
And we up out this bitch
Hey, Kato! Mental!
Y'all niggas make sure it's poppin'
When we get up there, man, don't front
Life goes on
Hold me no more, hold me no more
Yes it do, yes it do, yes it do[Chorus: Outlawz]
In the life we live as thugs
Everybody fuckin' with us so can't you see
It's hard to be a man
Ridin' with my guns in hand

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Why explain the game?
Niggas ain't listenin', stuck in positions as victims can't stand the heat, then stay the fuck out the kitchen
Half these busters switchin', lookin' at me mean, itchin'
Givin' suckers plenty space, have these bitch niggas snitchin'
Where are we now, guns found daily
The Feds trail me in hoax that they could finally nail me
For sellin' dope, they backwards make the track burst
Whenever I rap, attack
Words been known to explode on contact
Extreme at times, blinded by my passion and fury
Look at me laugh at my competition's flashin' my jewelry
You'd stay silent if you niggas knew me, truely effective
The shit you heard ain't do me justice, got a death wish, bitch
Run, but face being traced, by the infrared beam
It seems niggas ain't recognize my team
Ain't nobody holdin' you back
Explode the track to confetti
Unload it, 'cause niggas ain't ready
The life of an outlaw

[Chorus: Outlawz]
In the life we live as thugs
Everybody fuckin' with us so can't you see
It's hard to be a man
Ridin' with my guns in hand

[Verse 2: 2Pac]
Code 3: attack formation, pull out your pistols
Keep an eye out for the devils 'cause they itchin' to get you
Merciless madman, screamin' kamikaze in tongue
Automatic gunfire, makin' all my enemies run
Who should I call when I'm shot and bleedin'?
Indeed a possibility that's part of chasin' cream
Dope got me hatin' fiends
Scheme with my team, just a chosen few
My foes victim of explosives, come closer exhale the fumes
We got memories, fadin' fast
A slave for cash accelerate, mash, blast, then dash
Don't look now! How you like it, raw?
Niggas ain't ready for the wrath of the Outlawz
Never surrender, death before dishonor, stay free
I'm thugged out, fuck the world 'cause this is how they made me
Scarred but still breathin' believe in me
And you could see the victory, a warrior in jewels, will you picture me?
Life of an outlaw

[Chorus: Outlawz]
In the life we live as thugs (no doubt)
Everybody fuckin' with us (yes!), so can't you see (life of an outlaw)
It's hard to be a man (soldiers in position, attack formation)
Ridin' with my guns in hand
(No retreat, no surrender)

[Verse 3: Young Noble]
City under siege, it's like I can't even breathe
I'm from the state of car thieves G.E.D. from the streets
Plenty beef I play for keeps, arrange the whole crime scene
Mobb peep! They sneak up from behind tryin' to creep
No halfs with no straps, jack, it's on to bounce back
An ounce of wrath so bad, it snatched my style on death
Tell the gripper I was sent to get ya, snip with clippers
Get the picture, I wrote my life down as a scripture

[Verse 4: E.D.I. Mean]
And still I'm lost in the land of the lonely where ain't nobody holy
A matter of a fact, we unholy Everybody livin' soley
For themselves, too high strung to lend help
To somebody who be needin' it
You know we lost hope and he needin' it
But the evil it's forever
But I'm rappin' low down, scandalous like a tramp is
All for the street fame on how to be managed
To plan shit 6 months in advanced to what we plotted
Approached the goal on swole and now I got it

[Verse 5: Kastro]
Uh, I crack my window, knowin' they'd love to catch Kastro sleepin'
Attach a strap under my pillow, hand to hand like we freakin'
Creepin' deep into the mornin'
Peepin' out the weak while they yawnin'
And let my clout speak for itself
No doubt, outlaw, outta my mind outta time you're all blind
Some kind of life of mine if K-Dog don't mind
Findin' it funny, matter of fact, 'cause it is perhaps
Finally I'll adapt to it, over the years as an outlaw

[Bridge: 2Pac & Napoleon]
Eh, Napoleon
What's up, nigga?
Would you die for me, nigga?
Hell yeah
Would you kill for me, nigga?
On my grandmother, nigga
Ayy, yo
What's up
Let's ride on them stupid bitches right now
Watch out

[Verse 6: Napolean]
Well, now they all say that vultures and parasites
Snakes are all alike, thug life break night
Drink 'til we fist fight, life or death
But you can't win with a vest
Won't be no breathin' for the reason, punk bitch on your breath
I see day is dark, and I admit it's dark
So chase on the ave., hide your stash, beware from them marks
And yo, Makaveli, give me them bullets that was left up in your belly
And let me bust back to them niggas 'til they all cold and sweaty

[Chorus: Outlawz]
In the life we live as thugs
Everybody fuckin' with us so can't you see
It's hard to be a man
Ridin' with my guns in hand
In the life we live as thugs
Everybody fuckin' with us so can't you see
It's hard to be a man
Ridin' with my guns in hand
In the life we live as thugs
Everybody fuckin' with us so can't you see
It's hard to be a man
Ridin' with my guns in hand
In the life we live as thugs
Everybody fuckin' with us so can't you see
It's hard to be a man
Ridin' with my guns in hand[Intro]
Ma-ah-an, it ain't easy
They got me goin' cold-hearted
Probation, violation, incarceration, frustration, you know
Fuck that, nigga, damn near about to start basin'
It's hard, hard on a nigga (*coughing*)
Hard on a nigga ("Yeah, it is. Yeah, it is.")
(*whispered*) Kill, kill, kill, murder, murder, murder
Watch out, nigga

[Hook: 2Pac w/ Daz Dillinger, Snoop Doggy Dogg]
Now tell me do you see
Life's so hard on a nigga when you livin' like a G
Now tell me do you see
Life's so hard on a nigga when you livin' like a G
Now tell me do you see
Life's so hard on a nigga when you livin' like a G
Now tell me do you see
Life's so hard on a nigga when you livin' like a G

[Collision]
Daz in this, motherfucker
Alright boy, drop that shit
Wassup man?
Always listen to that shit?
That thug criminal shit?
Peep game, nigga, peep game
Feel me

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Travel through my mind, am I blind it's a shame
Young niggas gettin' murdered straight took out the game
As I sit here puffin' on a cigarette
Gotta be ready, never know who's plottin' on a niggas death
These are the rough times, best to hurry up
And duck muh'fucker 'fore I buck mine
It's gettin' crazy and everybody's strapped
Surrounded by niggas but nary a motherfucker down to watch my back
These are the bitch made niggas, you been played, nigga
While you starvin' and broke they pullin' six figures
Oooh, what can you do?
When you can't trust your crew
Time to bust out the twenty-two
Boo-yaow!
Ran out of weed, so I'm sippin' on this Hennessy
Tell me, do you feel me?
Hey, I have no remorse
As I take another sip of my liquor and spit my sick thoughts, oooh

[Hook: 2Pac w/ Daz Dillinger, Snoop Doggy Dogg]
Now tell me do you see
Life's so hard on a nigga when you livin' like a G
Now tell me do you see
Life's so hard on a nigga when you livin' like a G

[Verse 2: 2Pac]
Thuggin' to the fullest, got my strap, I'ma pull it
I'm the first muh'fucker that can outrun a bullet
It's them Thug Life niggas and we don't like tricks
Got these punk wannabes and they jockin' like bitches
Now my riches is gettin' hoes on it's own
Fuck a mystery, do you wanna get with me, then let's bone
I'ma take her to my hideout, cause I'm smokin' that spinach
And stayin' strong to the finish and then I ride out
See you on the freeway, sorry baby
But I gotta call my homie, see what he say
I ain't got no time, I gotta get mine
I keep my mind on my loot, I'll shoot every time
And ain't no way I'ma let bitch made nigga worry me
Catch me slippin', empty the clip and bury me
Hell nah, nigga, have to plug me twice
Ain't no slippin' when you thug for life
Motherfucker, can you see?

[Hook: 2Pac w/ Daz Dillinger, Snoop Doggy Dogg]
Tell me do you see
Life's so hard on a nigga when you livin' like a G
Now tell me do you see
Life's so hard on a nigga when you livin' like a G
Now tell me do you see
Life's so hard on a nigga when you livin' like a G
Now tell me do you see
Life's so hard on a nigga when you livin' like a G

[Verse 3: 2Pac]
Never bow down let these other bitches crawl
I'm a thug motherfucker and these thugs only ball
Ain't no half steppin' here, from the cradle to the grave
I'm a muh'fuckin' fool, but I choose to get paid
Now my pockets gettin' empty, and I'm panicked in a fright
Me and my bitch named Nina are fiendin' tonight
Ain't nobody livin' safe, got a plot and I'm stressin'
All I want is my muh'fuckin' money, ain't no question
Don't try to stall, little trick, cause we hit
So bring in the scissors and get to clippin' at his dick
I'd rather die young than die old and broke
That's why I stay drunk, and I constantly smoke
My memories as a youngsta, hangin' with the homies
But now I'm doin' bad and them bitches don't know me ("Who? Who?")
But playa haters can't fade me ("Why?")
Cause this is Thug Life nigga and we're crazy
Tell me, do you see?

[Hook: 2Pac w/ Daz Dillinger, Snoop Doggy Dogg]
Tell me do you see
Life's so hard on a nigga when you livin' like a G
Now tell me do you see
Life's so hard on a nigga when you livin' like a G
Now tell me do you see
Life's so hard on a nigga when you livin' like a G
Now tell me do you see
Life's so hard on a nigga when you livin' like a G

[Verse 4: 2Pac]
Yeah, constantly runnin' from danger ain't no stranger to cop cars
Gettin' arrested and tested wearin' a vest and don't drop my guards
My life is hectic my homies send mail from jail
Niggas in hell got some horrible stories to tell
I'm catchin' cases and still tryin' to stack a grip
The IRS is tryin' to stress off a nigga's shit
A young nigga never had a prayer to prevail
And all my peers doin' years locked up in jail
What can I do, stay strapped, get a bigger crew
And creep around with them Dogg Pound niggas, too
And now we rich ain't no bitch that can touch us
And it's a trip, how we clown, when we fuck sluts
Bust nuts then I cut, that's my new thang
And motherfuckers got on do-rags

[Hook: 2Pac w/ Daz Dillinger, Snoop Doggy Dogg]
Now tell me do you see
Life's so hard on a nigga when you livin' like a G
Now tell me do you see
Life's so hard on a nigga when you livin' like a G
Now tell me do you see
Life's so hard on a nigga when you livin' like a G
Now tell me do you see
Life's so hard on a nigga when you livin' like a G

[Collision: 2Pac]
Can I get paid, can I get paid, can I motherfuckin' get paid
Nigga can work for his money all motherfuckin' day and still never see a piece of it, you understand me?
It's not about the nice guy
It's about the hardworkin' motherfuckin' thug nigga
If you ain't a thug, nigga, you ain't really doin' nothin'
You ain't really makin' nothin'
These motherfuckin' po-po's and these pink folks got it all locked up for us to fail
See how they did O.J., and they doin' niggas like that all day
So, if you don't watch your motherfuckin' stack, believe me, this could be your last breath[Intro]
Young Playa
Kill, kill, kill, murder, murder, murder
(This one right here is for)
Heyy
Kill, kill, kill, murder, murder, murder
(Kato, Mental)
Heyy
(To all the dead niggas that passed away)
Kill, kill, kill, murder, murder, murder
(I told ya I wouldn't forget about you)
Heyy
(Do a verse for 'em)
Kill, kill, kill, murder, murder, murder

[Hook]
Tell me do you see
Life's so hard on a nigga when you livin' like a G
Tell me do you see
Life's so hard on a nigga when you livin' like a G

[Verse 1]
Travel through my mind, am I blind it's a shame
Young brothas gettin murdered, straight took out the game
As I sit here puffin' on a cigarette
You gotta be ready, you never know who's plottin' on a niggas death
'Cause these are the rough times, best to hurry up
And duck motherfucker 'fore I buck mine
It's gettin' crazy and everybody's strapped
Surrounded by niggas but nary motherfucker down to watch your back
These are the bitch made niggas, you been played nigga
While you starvin' and broke they pullin' six figures
Oooh, what can you do
When you can't trust your crew, time to bust out the twenty-two
Boo-yaow!
Ran out of weed, so I'm sippin' on this Hennessey
Tell me, do you feel me?
Heyyy, I have no remorse
As I take another sip of my liquor, I spit my sick thoughts, hehehe

[Hook]
Tell me do you see
Life's so hard on a nigga when you livin' like a G
Tell me do you see
Life's so hard on a nigga when you livin' like a G

[Verse 2: 2Pac]
Thuggin' to the fullest, got my strap, I'ma pull it
On the first motherfucker that can outrun a bullet
It's them Thug Life niggas, and we don't like tricks
Got these punk wannabes and they jockin' like bitches
Now my riches is gettin' hoes on its own
Fuck a mystery, do you wanna get with me, then let's bone
Time to take her to my hideout, 'cause I'm smokin' that spinach
I'm stayin' strong to the finish and then I ride out
See you on the freeway, sorry baby
But I gotta call my homey see what he say
I ain't got no time, I gotta get mine
I keep my mind on my loot, I'll shoot everytime
And ain't no way I'ma let bitch made nigga worry me
Catch me slippin', empty the clip and bury me
Hell nah, homie, have to plug me twice
'Cause ain't no stoppin when you Thug for Life...

[Hook]
Now tell me do you see, tell me do you see
Life's so hard on a nigga when you livin' like a G
(It's hard on a nigga)
Tell me do you see
Life's so hard on a nigga when you livin' like a G
(It's hard on a nigga)

[Verse 3]
Never bow down, let these other bitches crawl
I'm a Thug motherfucker, and thugs only ball
Ain't no half steppin' here, from the cradle to the grave
I'm a motherfuckin' fool, but I choose to get paid
Now my pockets gettin' empty, so I'm panicked in a fright
Me and my bitch named Nina are fiendin' tonight
Ain't nobody livin' safe, got a Glock, and I'm stressin'
All I want is my money, motherfucker ain't no question
Don't try to stall, 'cause I'm hit
So bring me the scissors and get to clippin' at his dick
I'd rather die young than die old and broke
That's why I stay drunk, and I constantly smoke
My memories as a youngsta, hangin' with the homies
But now I'm doin' bad and them bitches don't know me
But playa haters can't fade me
'Cause this is thug life nigga and we're crazy, tell me do you see?

[Hook / Outro]
Tell me do you see
Life's so hard on a nigga when you livin' like a G
(Pull the finger)
Tell me do you see
Life's so hard on a nigga when you livin' like a G
(Murder murder murder...finger)
Tell me do you see
Life's so hard on a nigga when you livin' like a G
(Murder murder murder...biatch)
Tell me do you see
Life's so hard on a nigga when you livin' like a G
(Murder murder murder)
Tell me do you see
Life's so hard on a nigga when you livin' like a G
(Kill kill kill)
(Never bow nigga, you know)
Tell me do you see
(Stay bold)
Life's so hard on a nigga when you livin' like a G
(Kill kill kill... murder, murder, murder)
Tell me do you see
(I'ma Thug motherfucker and thugs only ball)
Life's so hard on a nigga when you livin' like a G
Tell me do you see
....Hard on a nigga ....
(Clippin' at his dick)
Tell me do you see
....Hard on a nigga ....
(Niggas don't know me)
....Hard on a nigga ....
(Panic in a fright)
(Cradle to the grave)
....Hard on a nigga ....
(Choose to get paid)
....Hard on a nigga ....
I'ma pull it
Outrun a bullet
Don't like tricks
Freeway
See what he say* Poems written by Shakur as ~ interpreted by other artists

[Chorus: 2Pac]
No fairy tales for this young black male
Some see me stranded in this land of hell, jail, and crack sales
Though life is hard we carry on
Livin' in the projects, broke with no lights on
No fairy tales for this young black male
Some see me stranded in this land of hell, jail, and crack sales
Though life is hard we carry on
Livin' in the projects, broke with no lights on

[Verse 1: Memphis Bleek]
Yo, it's just another day I wake up, it's more rock to break up
We take physical losses and y'all just take a pay cut
Plus, you take a mortgage loan to hold ya home
But our credit is pathetic they just let it be known
So they evict us, got some of my sisters livin' in shelters
It's the system, the difference you teach ya kids to know better
But you can go home, you know ya mom and pop there
Yeah, we can go home but our life is out there
Yeah, bills through the roof I'm makin' payments every week
Get my money off them books cuz ain't nobody hired me
People die in your community, life is a struggle
Kids dyin' every day cuz they be shootin' for the coke
Life through my blood shot eyes can be trouble sometimes
I smoke the pain away but still not high
I sip that Henny, say a prayer, after that then I'm good
Just bless the days for all my people that's raised in the hood
It's our life

[Chorus: 2Pac]
No fairy tales for this young black male
Some see me stranded in this land of hell, jail, and crack sales
Though life is hard we carry on
Livin' in the projects, broke with no lights on
No fairy tales for this young black male
Some see me stranded in this land of hell, jail, and crack sales
Though life is hard we carry on
Livin' in the projects, broke with no lights on

[Verse 2: Memphis Bleek]
And I done traveled the world, wish you could see what I see
I been through numerous hoods, they livin' just like we
I've seen the wars, seen the struggle, seen the violence in the street
Seen a hustler get fed up sometimes and pop back at police
Cuz he couldn' stand to see himself in penitentiary
Couldn't see those type of numbers so it's elementary
See the way I see it's gotta be Heaven for a G
Cuz it's hell tryin' to feed ya seed and leave a legacy
See wrong, see right depends on how you see in life
See justice, she's blind she won't let you see the light
Seen people doin' bad I ain't the only one that see
Seems like they wanna see us all in this poverty
See, I'm in the hood they buildin' condos every week
Shit, it hurts to live like this see it's nice across the street
But if you can focus in this life ain't ride
If you can vision what I printed you'll see life through my eyes
Let's go

[Chorus: 2Pac]
No fairy tales for this young black male
Some see me stranded in this land of hell, jail, and crack sales
Though life is hard we carry on
Livin' in the projects, broke with no lights on
No fairy tales for this young black male
Some see me stranded in this land of hell, jail, and crack sales
Though life is hard we carry on
Livin' in the projects, broke with no lights on

[Verse 3: Memphis Bleek]
I saw the raids in the hood, saw a dude take a trip with like
Ten of them thangs in my hood
Even saw a young baller slip, he got hit with a clip
And that dude that took that route he got hit with like ten
Saw the inside of a cell, just bums and fiends
Saw the laws of the jails, nigga B's and C's
Got Kings and GD's saw a life took for two G's
Saw the dope kill a fiend and that just brings you more cheese
I saw the block that was worst at its best
Seen a man play with a gun and shoot himself in his chest
I' tryin' to write so you can see what he saw
You know life through hs eyes, that be 2Pac Shakur
And let's go

[Chorus: 2Pac]
No fairy tales for this young black male
Some see me stranded in this land of hell, jail, and crack sales
Though life is hard we carry on
Livin' in the projects, broke with no lights on
No fairy tales for this young black male
Some see me stranded in this land of hell, jail, and crack sales
Though life is hard we carry on
Livin' in the projects, broke with no lights on[Intro]
Fuckin' lil' homies
Everybody duckin', my fuckin' lil' homies
Lil' homies
Everybody duckin', my fuckin' lil' homies

[Verse 1]
Just pay attention, here's a story 'bout my lil' homies
Straight thuggin', lil' bad young motherfuckers, gotta love 'em
You could catch him in his G ride clutchin' his Glock
Screamin', Outlaw! (Westside motherfuckers) bustin' on my enemy's block
Educated on these cold streets
Gettin' money, makin' dummies out the police
Ain't no peace for an adolescent nigga too wild to be a thinker
Bud smokin' 24/7, everyday drinker
Got my diploma, but I never learned shit in school
Mo' money, mo' bitches, mo' murder, fool!
Always the young niggas gettin' in shit
She wouldn't stop to conversate, so you called her a bitch
Bustin' on paper thin motherfuckers
Drinkin' gin before you get to sinnin' on them busters
Emptied his clip, passed by like he didn't know me
Everybody duckin', my fuckin' lil' homies

[Chorus]
Lil' homies on the ride
Niggas gonna die tonight, let's get high tonight
Lil' homies on the mash
Runnin' from these punk police
‘Cause lil' niggas run the streets
Lil' homies on the ride
Niggas gonna die tonight, let's get high tonight
Lil' homies on the mash
Runnin' from these punk police
‘Cause lil' niggas run the streets

[Verse 2]
I remember when you was just a lil' G
Flirtin' with death, playin' Russian Roulette, screamin', "Kill me!"
Hey there, young nigga, what you smokin' on?
Mad at the world ‘cause you came from a broken home?
Love the squad plus your mob is sick
A bunch of adolescent niggas spittin' major shit
Tell me, young nigga, if you die, let me know
Would your heart feel pain, watchin' as your mother cries?
Will all your homies ride?
Or will they all get high, and talk about how you died?
Young niggas on a mission to compete
Gettin' G's, packin' heat, bringin' havoc to the fuckin' streets
Nobody knows why he took a fo'-fo'
And unloaded on the whole front row
Try to tell him, but he act like he don't know me
Pull out his pistol and he show me; my lil' homie

[Chorus]
Lil' homies on the ride
Niggas gonna die tonight, let's get high tonight
Lil' homies on the mash
Runnin' from these punk police
‘Cause lil' niggas run the streets
Lil' homies on the ride
Niggas gonna die tonight, let's get high tonight
Lil' homies on the mash
Runnin' from these punk police
‘Cause lil' niggas run the streets

[Verse 3]
"First 2 Bomb," "16 On Death Row"
Bustin' on them phony motherfuckers ‘cause the big homie said so
Niggas knew I was a nutcase, quick to blast
Livin' underage, but he'll blaze on your bitch-ass
Is there a heaven for a G?
And if it is, will I finally get to be at peace?
On these streets ain't no peace, shell-shocked souls
Makin' money off of crack sales
Young black male unable to change ‘cause it's a cycle
Plus nobody knows the evil that they might do
Lil' Moo, Big Yak, K. Kastro
Big Malc, Hussein, call 'em Outlawz
Tellin' the world to be equipped
When these young motherfuckers rip shit, they don't quit
Drew down on me, pulled a pound on me
Bust like he didn't know me; my lil' homies

[Chorus]
Lil' homies on the ride
Niggas gonna die tonight, let's get high tonight
Lil' homies on the mash
Runnin' from these punk police
‘Cause lil' niggas run the streets

[Collision]
Whassup, nigga, let's do this shit! My lil' homies!
Lil' bad-ass motherfuckin' adolescent niggas! My lil' homies!
What the fuck you niggas wanna do?
WHAT, NIGGA? My fuckin' lil' homies
Sixteen, fifteen, thirteen, my fuckin' lil' homies
Juvenile delinquents ready to BUST on you motherfuckers
What the fuck you niggas wanna do, nigga?!
Nigga, take yo’ shit on, lil' homies!
We robbin' motherfuckers, nigga
Thug Life, Outlawwwwz! West Siiide!
You know what time it is, my lil' homies!
You know what the fuck you gotta do, nigga
Outlawz, nigga, my lil' homies[Intro: 2Pac]
Damn, another funeral, another motherfucker
Lord knows
(Coughing)
Lord knows
[Coughing harder]
Lord knows
[One final cough]

[Verse 1]
I smoke a blunt to take the pain out
And if I wasn't high, I'd probably try to blow my brains out
I'm hopeless, they should've killed me as a baby
And now they got me trapped in the storm, I'm goin' crazy
Forgive me; they wanna see me in my casket
And if I don't blast I'll be the victim of them bastards
I'm losin' hope, they got me stressin', can the Lord forgive me
Got the spirit of a thug in me
Another sip of that drink, this Hennessey got me queasy
Don't wanna hurl, young nigga take it easy
Picture your dreams on a triple beam, and it seems
Don't underestimate the power of a fiend
To my homies on the block
Slangin' rocks with your Glocks put this tape in your box
When you're runnin from the cops—and never look back
If they could be black, then they would switch
Open fire on them busta-ass bitches, and Lord knows

[Hook]
(Lord knows, Lord knows, Lord knows!)
Lord knows
[Coughing again]
(He knows! Lord knows, Lord knows, Lord knows!)
The Lord knows
[Still coughing]
(He knows! Lord knows, Lord knows, Lord knows!)
The Lord knows
(He knows! Lord knows, Lord knows, Lord knows!)

[Verse 2]
I wonder if the Lord will forgive me or bury me a G
I couldn't let my adversaries worry me
And every single day it's a test, wear a bulletproof vest
And still a nigga stressin' over death
If I could choose when a nigga die, figure I'd
Take a puff on the blunt, and let my trigga fly
When everyday it's another death, with every breath
It's a constant threat, so watch yo' step!
You could be next if you want to, who do you run to?
Murderin' niggas, look what it's come to
My memories bring me misery, and life is hard
In the ghetto, it's insanity, I can't breathe
Got me thinking, what do Hell got?
Cause I done suffered so much, I'm feelin' shell-shocked
And driveby's an everyday thang
I done lost too many homies to this motherfuckin' game
And Lord knows

[Hook]
(Lord knows, Lord knows, Lord knows!)
Lord knows
[Coughing again]
(He knows! Lord knows, Lord knows, Lord knows!)
The Lord knows
[Still coughing]
(He knows! Lord knows, Lord knows, Lord knows!)
The Lord knows
(He knows! Lord knows, Lord knows, Lord knows!)

[Verse 3]
One-time! One-time!
Fuck the 5-0 cause they after me
Kill me if they could, I'll never let 'em capture me
Done lost too many niggas to this gangbangin'
Homies died in my arms, with his brains hangin', fucked up!
I had to tell him it was alright, and that's a lie
And he knew it when he shook and died, my God
Even though I know I'm wrong man
Hennesey make a nigga think he strong, man (heh heh)
I can't sleep, so I stay up, don't wanna fuck them bitches
Try to calm me down, I ain't givin' up
I'm gettin' lost in the weed, man, gettin' high
Livin' every day, like I'm gon' die (gon' die, gon' die)
I smoke a blunt to take the pain out
And if I wasn't high, I'd probably try to blow my brains out
Lord knows

[Outro]
(Lord knows, Lord knows, Lord knows!)
Lord knows!
(He knows! Lord knows, Lord knows, Lord knows!)
Lord knows.. Jesus..
(He knows! Lord knows, Lord knows, Lord knows!)
(He is listening! Lord knows, Lord knows, Lord knows!)

(Lord knows.. Lord knows.. he he.. he.. he.. heeee...)
(Lord knows, Lord knows, Lord knows!)
(Lord knows, Lord knows, Lord knows!)
(Lord knows, Lord knows, Lord knows!)
(Lord knows, Lord knows, Lord knows!)[Intro: 2Pac]
'Cause I hate to spend my life, my life, my life, my life
Duckin' one-time (lost soul)
How it start, how it start?

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Started off with runnin' from coppers
Duck and hide from helicopters
We open fire, who can stop us?
Livin' the life of trife juveniles, hopin' for Rikers
Gettin' 25 to life if the judge don't like us
In my clearest pictures, I see authorities itchin' to get us
ATF state Feds, scandalous bitches
How was it promised to us, wasn't bitter or sweet
See, if a nigga don't hustle, then the nigga don't eat
On these streets, livin' do or die, circle complete
Repetitive motions of felons in a rush for G's
Please understand my history, a man of many hats
Livin' Thug Life, comin' equipped with plenty gats
Maybe I was just a lost soul, trapped in time
Livin' in between life, in the cracks, but blind
Even though we have hope for dreams that never came
Yet and still we all feel pain

[Hook: 2Pac]
Just wait until rain turn to sunshine
‘Cause I hate to spend my life
My life, my life, my life duckin' one-time
Stranded in the County in the worst way
Hell of a way to spend my 21 birthday
Born in the ghetto as a street thug
It's for the neighborhood and weed spots that we love
Lost souls… lost souls, nigga
For my homeboys that passed on
Words from the mind of a lost soul
Just wait until rain turn to sunshine
‘Cause I hate to spend my life
My life, my life, my life duckin' one-time

[Verse 2: Young Noble]
My brother Sean, first on my list, he stuck with a three-five
When he get out, would I be dead or alive?
He taught me the rules so much, but still In Thugs I Trust
When in danger never hesitate to keep my fuckin' trap shut
My mom dukes got a little bit of thug in her
The devil loves sinners: crackheads and drug dealers
Sometimes I feel like the streets are takin' over
Never stayin' sober, the brain over and over
Backtrack, my stack's fat, I used to take new
One love to my crew, ayo, this one's for you

[Interlude: 2Pac]
R.I.P. … rest in peace to Mu grandmother
Know what we gotta do, baby, one-time

[Hook: 2Pac]
Just wait until rain turn to sunshine
‘Cause I hate to spend my life
My life, my life, my life duckin' one-time
Just wait until rain turn to sunshine
‘Cause I hate to spend my life
My life, my life, my life duckin' one-time!
One-time! One-time! One-time!

[Verse 3: EDI Mean]
I was born 22 years ago yesterday
But see, I saw no reason for me to celebrate
Let me demonstrate
Entered the world from out a poisonous womb
Heroin bein' consumed, already predictin' my doom
Soon to be one of the many misguided
Always the first one on the block to be done, tried it and liked it
Lost before I had a chance to find my way
Now I travel through life, not knowin' the time of day
Crime for pay, I'm on my way
But don't know where I'ma end up
I swear to God, it's just a set-up
And these are the words from the mind of a lost soul

[Hook: 2Pac]
Just wait until rain turn to sunshine
‘Cause I hate to spend my life
My life, my life, my life duckin' one-time
Just wait until rain turn to sunshine
‘Cause I hate to spend my life
My life, my life, my life duckin' one-time

[Outro: 2Pac]
All of y'all, keepin' y'all in hell
To all of y'all, keepin' y'all in hell
Just to see you smile and enjoy yourself
To all of y'all, keepin' y'all in hell
Just to see you smile and enjoy yourself

For all my dogs, keepin' y'all in hell
Just to see you smile and enjoy yourself
For all my dogs, keepin' y'all in hell
Just to see you smile and enjoy yourself
For all my dogs, keepin' y'all in hell
Just to see you smile and enjoy yourself

Throw your hands up!
Throw your hands up!
Throw your hands up!
Throw your hands up!you ask me 2 communicate
what it is I feel within
I search 4 words 2 assist
but I find none 2 help me begin
I guess love is just complicated
Love
is
just
complicated.

I thought I knew my heart's desire
I thought I quenched my burning fire
I thought I wanted "A"
But "A" was 2 mixed up with "B"
Then "C" made me more confused
So "A" turned off me and "B" feels
better. "C" is upset and lonely
and me, I think Love is complicated.
Love
is
just
complicated.We made love within a storm
in the midst of passion and chaos
somewhere, somehow our true bond
of friendship was lost

In the eye of the storm
The rain always falls harder
Those who prevail this trauma
will learn 2 bring their love farther

But now the storm has passed
and the seas of our friendship R calm
But as long as I live I will remember
the Love within the storm[Hook: Sample]
Yeah, yeah, yeah, ah, ha
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, ah, ha
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, ah, ha
Yeah, yeah, yeah

[2Pac]
Now I've got task on a nigga's ass, tell me will they blast me?
I think of an alias in case these crooked bitches ask me
Now, it's gettin crazy after dark, these narcs
Be like tryin to shut me down but I'm too smart
Now picture me scared of the penitentiary
I've been movin these things since the days of elementary
Now tell me what you need when you see me
I'm stackin G's, buyin all the things on TV, believe me
I got some killas on my payroll, and they know
When it's time to handle business, nigga lay low
Although I'm young, I'm still comin up
I'm gettin paid, pullin raises on niggas when they runnin up
The first to pull a strap when there's drama
Busta, you ain't heard?
I've been slicin motherfuckerss since I lost my momma
There ain't a cop that can stop me
My posse is cocky, G, and they don't quit until they drop me
I'm loyal to the game

[Hook: Sample]
Yeah, yeah, yeah, ah, ha
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, ah, ha
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, ah, ha
Yeah, yeah, yeah


[Treach]
Without no doubt I ain't no slouch and it ain't time to back down
So I jumps in and try to stop-a and watch-a
Slap you cock-eyed like Popeye fucks spinach
Forgotten more shit than most crews ever know, or ever knew
Was born with 7 flows and only heaven knew
For beat the boot sex, the news breaks, the you shakes
Worse, they heard we got more nerve than a 2-fake
Yoo-hoo to you crew and you too so you knew
I'm from Jersey and I'm a teen so your block more than you do
Whose the new crew?
Show me your neck brotha, and here's another
Smack your mother's mamma's mother
In the first mob of all those other crack lovers
Back was bitch-ass, trick ass, cluk-clow-cluk-clow
How ya like me then, how ya like me, hey-ho, how ya like me now?
Ow, pow, hurt, don't it? Bow, bow, don't run up on it
The same thing minus "P" hangin possies like an exponent
Oh yes, rock in slums, ya gots to run it
It makes no sense to smell like shit
If old ass George could be Washing-tons

[Hook]
Yeah, yeah, yeah, ah, ha
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, ah, ha
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, ah, ha
Yeah, yeah, yeah

[Riddler]
Now I be loyal to my niggas on the blocks, just buckin the shots
And packin the Glocks
And dodgin the cops, and takin over niggas spots
Poppin after poppin the fools be droppin, the hoes be hoppin
On my thing cause it hangs like the nets from Above the Rim
You lookin grim, is it me or him or him
Or be with me, we be together
So what's up? We can do whatever
Cause real niggas stick together
Till they make it up to heaven
Through the stress, through the hell, through the 1-8-7
The shorter the nigga, the bigga the trigga
The deeper they dig the ditch-a
The Naughty the Treach
Then through to the Pac I brings the Glock I wets up
You fuckin body, I'm like, Oh my Gody
Did I really shoot him? Yo I shot him
So I got him, now I puts the crime behind me
And finds me, a place to lays my head low
I lives doin my rap, but I dies for my hood row
So all you fuckin fools better recognize, and know my fuckin name
I be Riddler to my niggas and I'm loyal to the game

[Hook: Sample]
Yeah, yeah, yeah, ah, ha
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, ah, ha
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, ah, ha
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, ah, ha
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, ah, ha
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, ah, ha[Hook: 2Pac]
M.O.B., nigga cause we mob on you tricks
And you know we keep it money over bitches
M.O.B., nigga cause we mob on you tricks
And you know we keep it money over bitches

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Thugs known to bust on sight
God bless my crazy life la vida loca homie livin' that thug life
Been raised in violence homicide's my lullaby
Came with the homies and learned to kick it until we die
Boss players you wonder why
I live the life of a ghetto kingpin, just let me ride
Bitches and niggas in Penitentiary suits
I send 'em letters and money orders and make 'em my troops
As for you females, I got no time, I gotta get mine
You cannot blind me addicted to a life of crime
My time as shorty was full of car chases
While runnin' with John Gotti's and Scarface's
Niggas knew, I'd be the Don in my own crew
A million niggas with automatics who swarm through
You wonder who shot me here's a clue, stay alert
Cause we comin' for you, and keep it money over bitches

[Hook: 2Pac]
M.O.B., nigga cause we mob on you tricks
And you know we keep it money over bitches (keep it money over bitches)
M.O.B., nigga cause we mob on you tricks
And you know we keep it money over bitches

[Verse 2: Hussein Fatal]
I blow you up on the spot, these Glocks hot 'til you drop
All you wannabe cops, you don't wanna see shots
I beef deep with the police, peep what these streets do to me
Actin' all new to me, I creep on you like puberty
You don't wanna see the bad image of this scrimmage
From here to East Greenwich through every state with a sentence
Frozen weight in the cooter, ten plates to soup ya
1 2's we oughta cruise right by the state troopers
When I'm drinkin' Cristal, start thinkin' 'bout Al
Bacardi coverin' my body at the wink and a smile
Bag a hottie or two, cause butter shotties for you
I got more bodies then Drew, I drink Mynotti on New, fuck your crew
This type of shit I do for a petty hobby
Fuck the world it's Fatal dog against everybody

[Hook: 2Pac]
M.O.B., nigga cause we mob on you tricks
And you know we keep it money over bitches
M.O.B., nigga cause we mob on you tricks
And you know we keep it money over bitches

[Verse 3: Mopreme]
My shit's phenomenal, droppin' like domino
Comin' with the real yo, and fuck what you feel yo
This is not for all the freaks in short skirts
This is for my niggas nationwide doin' work, get your feelings hurt
Lose mo' faith than a composure, money and the doja
Bitches is a cobra, with deadly venom
Move as smooth as I get 'em
Stackin' G's, my niggas crosstown got ki's
Hoes get diseased and fleas, for these enemies
Money over bitches
(Nigga!)

[Hook: 2Pac]
M.O.B., nigga cause we mob on you tricks
And you know we keep it money over bitches
M.O.B., nigga cause we mob on you tricks
And you know we keep it money over bitches

[Verse 4: Big Syke]
I'm hittin' sixteen switches, my money over bitches
The struggle continues I'll miss you on my road to riches
I'm contrited to strive never laggin'
Disappear in the night with my 64 dragon, rag flaggin'
As I get 'em up and leave 'em stuck
Pager blowin' up but I don't give a, fuck
I'm fully stocked on the block, pockets full of rocks sellin'
Loc'ers and smokers engaged twenty-fo'/seven
So what can you do for me and what can I do for you
But stay true, and do the things that we do
Blinded evil-minded no option for my offspring
Reminded can't find it complications what the future brings
Losin' my mind why you sweatin' me all the time
I'm caught in a bind, quality time on my grind
Rather be lonely honey and dodge you like snitches
I'm 'bout my riches, money over bitches

[Hook: 2Pac]
M.O.B., nigga cause we mob on you tricks
And you know we keep it money over bitches
M.O.B., nigga cause we mob on you tricks
And you know we keep it money over bitches

[Verse 5: Yaki Kadafi]
That's from the time a nigga close his eyes I'm hopin', I hope he awoken
Payin' my own that's tokin' chokin' off-a Glocks smokin'
Money and power watch these bitches cause they skanless
Gettin' niggas fucked 'n stuck from Timbuk' to Los Angeles
Ain't a nigga ruggeder than this grimy Heine' guzzler
Cowards better duck before my calibers start rubbin' ya
Me and my troops play blocks in groups, runnin' in flocks
Deuce-deuce in my socks keepin' a watch out for cops
Gettin' kicked, I keep my mind on my riches
While uncontrolled schemes keep me choosin' my money over all my bitches

[Hook: 2Pac]
M.O.B., nigga cause we mob on you tricks
And you know we keep it money over bitches
M.O.B., nigga cause we mob on you tricks
And you know we keep it money over bitches
M.O.B., nigga cause we mob on you tricks
And you know we keep it money over bitches
M.O.B., nigga cause we mob on you tricks
And you know we keep it money over bitches

[Outro: 2Pac]
That's right nigga
Money over motherfuckin' bitches
M.O.B. on 'em nigga
Keep your motherfuckin' mind on your money, fuck these hoes
(Thug life baby) You don't need no motherfuckin' bitches
You need some motherfuckin' money
Get your mind right nigga, keep your game tight
Play right play by the rules and you'll get paid fuck the fools
We up out of this bitch here..
BIATCH![Intro: 2Pac]
No man separate what we create
Unstoppable, untouchable
Motherfuckin' worldwide mob figures
Death Row at it's finest!
M.O.B., thug for motherfuckin' life
Motherfuckin' made niggas
We comin' after these niggas, worldwide
Feel me! Makaveli the Don

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
My life in exchange for yours, born hated as a thug
House full of babies cryin' from a lack of gettin' love
Ain't nobody tell me shit, 'til I got a sack of drugs
Had the block sewn up, cause I learned to pack a gun
Do you feel me? World, do you hear me?
Catch a risin' star, fuck the love, niggas fear me
Got these niggas runnin' all wild from my double-R
When we ride, motherfuckers is sure to die
Boom once I enter the room, in the air
All you hear is the whispers of doom, niggas scared
They don't wanna see me head on
Think of all the busters that I had to leave dead and gone
Call a gravedigga, fuckin' with a made nigga
M.O.B, gunfire, gettin' sprayed quicker
Fuck 'em all, let 'em understand my plot to get richer
Much more than six figures, a motherfuckin' made nigga

[Hook: 2Pac]
(Can you feel me?)
A motherfuckin' made nigga
I got a plot to get richer
Take my picture, a made nigga

[Verse 2: Napoleon]
Nigga, I was raised on the streets, I had to hustle just to eat
My role model was killin' niggas, so I know I would never be weak
They got me sittin' wonderin', where my life begins
These niggas crossed my father, then my father crossed them
'Cause I roll with Immortal Thug niggas
And my number one plan to kill a man
To grab a needle and drug niggas
Niggas don't like us, because they bitches straight love us
The President told us to leave
'Cause the government don't want us
It's Napoleon, I get my pleasure out of sin
And seein' blood spill ain't shit 'cause I seen it at the beginnin'
A made nigga

[Verse 3: Fatal Hussein]
How many niggas fall in your vision?
Gunnin' 'em down for every last minute that I spent in prison
We mash together, plus we get cash together
Blast whenever, knowin' it don't last forever
It's only one way out and one way in
Motherfuckers cross and get crossed out, never made men
We find excuses to loot, cock, and shoot
Blow the roof off them groups like Rauf al-Mabhouh
I can't be touched, 'cause of the weapons I clutch
And the niggas that I'm under is just too much: we made niggas

[Verse 4: E.D.I.]
Picture the scenery, 'cause for now you gon' have to imagine
Call me your prophet 'cause I predicted what's gon' happen
I began the paper, stackin' at those who be paper snatchin'
Will emerge like crack in the 80's
Fade me? Maybe, that's if I slip
But I became official since the start of this
Edi Amin, born July, 7th, a few shed eyes, precious
But others gave me they hate to cherish
But still I made it, a made nigga made by the game
Made for war, my aim is simple and plain
Yeah, whether it's 'caine, or these tracks made for your brain
You'll forever know my name, Edi, a made nigga

[Verse 5: Kastro]
I ain't count the line, my strap, my head
There will be none of that
The young hog, K-Dog playin' Outlaw Immortal combat
With the criminal skill, they cannot beat me a nigga
'Til he still and chill, recognize the real deal
Feel — a nigga made when I was young and dumb
With a gun, but it pays, so I'm bustin' for fun
And the outcome will be the same every time
We all gon' die, get yours 'cause I'ma get mine

[Verse 6: Kadafi]
Tha Outlawz, we be the Don Juan's of this rough shit
Rhymes baptize your mind while paralyze the public
With my mentality of war
Dead bodies and silence, give it to you raw
Thug nigga to the core
The results of livin' poor, got me thinkin' on a made level
Shootin' my gauge to get paid, a fuckin' crazed devil
Mash shit from here to here, day by day, year to year
Made niggas on your motherfuckin' tear: I'm a made nigga

[Verse 7: 2Pac]
Call me a Bad Boy killer, murder motherfuckers daily
Know the feds trail me, so my alias Makaveli
Gettin' lessons from niggas in penitentiaries
Game, when applied, help me survive several centuries
Lock me in a cage, I'll display my rage
Surround the court buildin' with the gauge and spray
They wonder if I'll go when I'm finally sentenced
On my knees to God, beggin' for repentance
I'm so convinced that I'm a thug
They got me fiendin' for my cash
Like a fiend when he dreams of drugs
Diss the dada and I'll kidnap your daughter
Kill your wife and hit the funeral
And tell you just who gave the order
Makaveli the Don 'til I'm gone
I maintain my army of lunatics that stay armed
'Til the day I die, I'll be remembered as a paid nigga
Outlaw to the grave, a motherfuckin' made nigga

[Outro: 2Pac]
Can you feel me? Come closer, ha ha ha
Get into the mind of a made nigga, I can't be touched
My adversaries get fucked, feel me?
Multimillionaire dreams
All I want is the C.R.E.A.M.
I sell my shit to the fiends, all the bitches scream
Come and see, to see a made nigga
Outlawz, Makaveli The Don
Hussein Fatal, Edi Amin, Kastro
Napoleon, Kadafi, Mussolini, M.O.B.
I send this out to my niggas on the streets
The motherfuckin' made niggas
All my niggas on Death Row, Tha Dogg Pound
Tha Doggfather, and all his niggas
You know what time it is
Daz Dillinger, Kurupt, Young Gotti
(Hahaha, Westside made niggas, beyotch!!!)

[Collision: 2Pac as a Police Officer & Sergeant]
Uhh… Sarge… uhh…
We've got uhh 2Pac Shakur
Uhh Fatal, Fatal Hussein… uhh Kastro, Kadafi
We got a bunch of niggers here
They've got guns in their car
They've got weed, they've got money
They're with a lot of black women, what should we do, Sarge?
Uhh, I repeat, let 'em go
I repeat, let 'em go
They're made niggas… let 'em go
But, but Sarge, they've got guns, they've got weed
I said, let 'em go
Alright, you guys can go, I'm sorry
I'm sorry about the-the mix up, you guys can goDavey D: Later that year in October of '93, Tupac was arrested and accused of shooting two off-duty police officers in Atlanta. Just as that drama was beginning to be sorted out, he was arrested in New York the following month and accused of sexually assaulting a female fan in his hotel room. In the backdrop of that controversy, Tupac managed to release another album entitled Strictly 4 My N.I.G.G.A.Z., which featured the smash hits "I Get Around" and it's emotional tribute to women, "Keep Your Head Up." During this time, Tupac was featured in two more movies. The first was Poetic Justice with Janet Jackson. Here he stirred things up again on the set by refusing to honor Miss Jackson's request to take an AIDS test. The other movie that featured Tupac came out in the Spring of '94 with a basketball movie entitled Above The Rim. Just like he did in the movie Juice, here Tupac adorned the role of a gangster.

(Gangster, gangster, gangster, gangster, gangster...)[Intro]
Young mothers (that's right)
I feel ya (hey)
I know how it is
Mama's just a little girl (just a little girl)
Don't nobody understand
I feel ya

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
She was born a heavy set girl with pigtails and curls
A heart full of gold, still it won't change the world
Though she could never understand why
Some underhanded plans witnessed a man die
Was only fifteen, should have been a beauty queen, still
See her cryin' by the caskets when her parents got killed
Little girl don't cry, cuz even though they died
You can best believe they're watchin' over thee from the sky
Never asked for this misery, but look at what you're gettin'
It's a blessin' in disguise when you find out you're pregnant
No money, no home, and even though you're all alone
You gots to do this on your own, so baby gone
I wish you luck and if you need me, call
Just come to me and let me feed you all
I can understand the way it feels when you're fightin' the world
Facin' all this drama when Mama's just a little girl

[Hook: Kimma Hill]
Mama don't know why
Mama's just a little girl
Livin' if she is or not
Time ain't on her side
Cause Mama's just a little girl (Mama's just a little girl)
She gotta hold her head up high

[Verse 2: 2Pac]
At sixteen
What a beautiful thing, the very essence of a jet-black ebony queen
And who could tell she'd get pregnant at an early age? (what?!)
She didn't listen, had sex, watch her belly raise (hey)
Got violated by someone she dated
If this is fate, I'd hate to see the seeds she created, and so we waited
Though it takes time to build a body and a mind
She reclines nine months then finally it's time
What do we find?, little growin' boy of mine
With a tortured soul, addicted to a life of crime
Had no time for the growin' stage
He learned his values on the streets at an early age
Watch for police, don't come home (why?)
Cuz Mama's actin' crazy at the hospit-al
'bout to have another baby
Like a rose from the concrete, growin' within
Blessed with twins how the hell can Mama raise three men?
So we began, closest family, such insanity
A happy home, from one act of inhumanity
Plus Mama said the seed was corrupted
Used to rub Her belly, beggin' us to breathe and she'd loved us
Now, Mama, sits quiet, sippin' peppermint Schnapps
Turned the house into a spot and made her watch for cops (hey)
How could Mama bring a thug like me in this world?
She ain't the cause of all the drama
Cause Mama's just a little girl

[Hook: Kimma Hill]
Mama don't know why (stupid motherfuckers don't know)
Mama's just a little girl
Livin' if she is or not
Time ain't on her side
Cause Mama's just a little girl (Mama's just a little girl)
She gotta hold her head up high
(how could she raise us)

[Verse 3: 2Pac]
Now, will she remain in the same spot?
The gunshots rang, they came from the 'caine spot
Now, look here, I see her clutchin' her son in her arms, she's hurt
Her heart bleeds, now she watched her seed die in the dirt
Fulfilled prophecy
But who could stop the grief I walk around, tryin' to hold the world, up on top of me
I'd probably be an innocent man, still I'm the victim of a curse
What could be worse?, nothing but pain, since my birth
Only functions at the Pen', cuz everybody's in
Payin' back society, I'm guilty of a life of sin
I watch the drama occur, my eyes blur before I jetted
I wonder why we all have to die 'fore we get it
Though we shed tears, so many peers I've done buried
Worried and scared, knowin' I'ma see the cemetery
Must be prepared, in this cold world, no one cares
No! It ain't fair, but we all bear and do our share
In this land of the underhanded schemes and plans
Vivid dreams of a nigga havin' G's in hand
Mama told me not to be a punk
Fuck what you talkin' about, coward, what you niggas want? (hey)
There ain't a thing I wouldn't do for my Mama in this world
Cause you know I ain't mad at cha, you're just a little girl (Heyheyy)
Hell naw,(that's right) see mama's just a little girl (Mama's just a little girl)

[Hook: Kimma Hill]
Mama don't know why
Mama's just a little girl (Mama's just a little girl)
Livin' if she is or not
(y'all ain't facin' all this drama cause mama just a little girl)
Time ain't on her side
Cause Mama's just a little girl (Mama's just a little girl)
She gotta hold her head up high

[Collision: 2Pac]
They ask us why we mutilate each other like we do
And wonder why we hold such little worth for human life (Facin' all this drama, when mama's just a little girl)
To ask us why we turn from bad to worse, is to ignore from which we came (Mama's just a little girl)
You see, you wouldn't ask why the rose that grew from the concrete had
Damaged petals
On the contrary, we would all celebrate its tenacity
We would all love its will to reach the sun
Well, we are the roses (we are the roses)
This is the concrete (this is the concrete)
And these are my damaged petals (these are my damaged petals)
Don't ask me why (don't ask why)
Thank God, nigga  (thank god)
Ask me how (Ahahaha)
You see, Mama's just a little girl
Mama (hey)...
Mama...[Chorus: 2Pac]
It's just me against the world
Nothin' to lose
It's just me against the world, baby
I got nothin' to lose
It's just me against the world
Stuck in the game
Me against the world, baby

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Can you picture my prophecy?
Stress in the city, the cops is out for me
The projects is full of bullets
Though bodies is droppin' there ain't no stoppin' me
Constantly movin' while makin' millions
Witnessin' killings, leavin' dead bodies in abandoned buildings
Can't reach the children, 'cause they're illin'
Addicted to killin' and the appeal from the cap peelin'
Without feelin', but will they last or be blasted?
Hard-headed bastard, maybe he'll listen in his casket
The aftermath: more bodies bein' buried
I'm losin' my homies in a hurry, they're relocatin' to the cemetery
Got me worried, stressin', my vision's blurry
The question is will I live, no one in the world loves me
I'm headed for danger, don't trust strangers
Put one in the chamber whenever I'm feelin' this anger
Don't wanna make excuses
'Cause this is how it is, what's the use?
Unless we're shootin', no one notices the youth
It's just me against the world, baby

[Chorus: 2Pac & Puff Johnson]
Me against the world
It's just me against the world
It's just me against the world
Me against the world
'Cause it's just me against the world, baby
Me against the world
I got nothin' to lose
It's just me against the world, baby
I got nothin' to lose

[Verse 2: Yaki Kadafi]
Could somebody help me? I'm out here all by myself, see
Ladies in stores, Baby Capone's, livin' wealthy
Pictures of my birth on this Earth is what I'm dreamin'
Seein' Daddy's semen, full of crooked demons
Already crazy and screamin', I guess them nightmares as a child
Had me scared but left me prepared for a while
Is there another route for a crooked Outlaw?
Veteran, a villain, a young thug, who one day shall fall

[Verse 3: E.D.I. Mean]
Everyday there's mo' death, and plus I'm dough-less
I'm seein' more reasons for me to proceed with thievin'
Scheme on the schemin' and leave they peeps grievin'
'Cause ain't no bucks to stack up
My nuts is backed up, I'm about to act up
Go load the MAC up, now watch me klacka
Tried makin' fat cuts, but yo, it ain't workin'
And evil's lurkin', I can see him smirkin' when I gets to pervin'
So what? Go put some work in and make my mail
Makin' sales, riskin' 25 with a L, but oh well

[Chorus: 2Pac & Puff Johnson]
Me against the world
With nothin' to lose
It's just me against the world
It's just me against the world, baby
Me against the world
I got nothin' to lose
It's just me against the world
It's just me against the world, baby
With nothin' to lose
It's just me against the world, baby
Me against the world
Me against the world
I got nothin' to lose
It's just me against the world, baby

[Verse 4: 2Pac]
With all this extra stressin'
The question I wonder is after death, after my last breath
When will I finally get to rest through this oppression?
They punish the people that's askin' questions
And those that possess steal from the ones without possessions
The message I stress: to make it stop, study your lessons
Don't settle for less, even the genius asks his questions
Be grateful for blessings
Don't ever change, keep your essence
The power is in the people and politics we address
Always do your best, don't let this pressure make you panic
And when you get stranded
And things don't go the way you planned it
Dreamin' of riches, in a position of makin' a difference
Politicians are hypocrites, they don't wanna listen
If I'm insane, it's the fame made a brother change
It wasn't nothin' like the game; it's just me against the world

[Chorus: 2Pac & Puff Johnson]
Me against the world
Nothin' to lose
It's just me against the world, baby
Me against the world
Got me stuck in the game
It's just me against the world
Nothin' to lose
It's just me against the world, baby
Me against the world

[Outro: 2Pac]
Hahaha, that's right
I know it seem hard sometimes
But, uh, remember one thing
Through every dark night, there's a bright day after that
So no matter how hard it get
Stick your chest out, keep your head up, and handle it[Intro: Virginya Slim]
Shit, you mothafuckin' right!
I'm the bitch that's keepin' it live and keepin' it hot
When you punk-ass niggas don't
Nigga, west side! What?! Bring it on!

[Refrain: 2Pac]
Look for me, lost in the whirlwind
'96 Bonnie and Clyde, me and my girlfriend
Doin' 85 when we ride
Trapped in this world of sin
Born as a ghetto child, raised in this whirlwind

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Our childhood years recall the tears, heart laced with venom
Smokin' sherm, drinkin' malt liquor — father, forgive 'em
Me and my girlfriend, hustlin'
Fell in love with the struggle
Hands on the steering wheel, blush while she bail out bustin'
Fuck 'em all, watch 'em fall screamin'
Automatic gunfire exorcisin' all demons
My mafioso messiah, my congregation high, ready to die
We bail out to take the jail back, niggas unite
Our first date, couldn't wait to see you naked
Touch you in every secret place
I could hardly wait to bust freely
Got you red-hot, you so happy to see me
Make the front page, prime time, live on TV
Nigga, my girlfriend, baby 45 but she still live
One shot make a nigga's heartbeat stop

[Interlude: Virginya Slim]
What?! I'm bustin' on you punk-ass niggas
Run, nigga, run! I'm on yo' ass, nigga
Run, nigga! Duck and hide
When I'm bustin' on all you bitches!
Run, nigga! Yeah, Westside!
Uh! Uh! Uh! Die, nigga, die!

[Verse 2: 2Pac]
My girlfriend blacker than the darkest night
When niggas act bitch-made she got the heart to fight
Nigga, my girlfriend, though we separated at times
I knew deep inside, baby girl would always be mine
Picked you up when you was 9
Started out my life of crime with you
Bought you some shells when you turned 22
It's true, nothin' compares to the satisfaction
That I feel when we out mashin'; me and my girlfriend

[Chorus: 2Pac]
All I need in this life of sin
Is me and my girlfriend
Down to ride to the bloody end
Just me and my girlfriend
All I need in this life of sin
Is me and my girlfriend
Down to ride to the bloody end
Just me and my girlfriend

[Verse 3: 2Pac]
I was too immature to understand your ways
Inexperienced back in the days
Caused so many arguments and strays
Now I realize how to treat you, the secret to keep you
Being faithful, ‘cause now cheating's lethal
We're closer than the hands of time
Deeper than the drive of mankind
I trust you dearly, I shoot blind
In time I clock figures, droppin' niggas as we rise
We all soldiers in God's eyes
Now it's time for war, never leave me, baby
I'm paranoid, sleepin' with you loaded by my bedside, crazy
Jealous when you hang with the fellas, I wait patiently alone
Anticipated for the moment you come home
I'm waitin' by the phone, this is true love, I can feel it
I've had a lot of women in my bed, but you the realest
So if you ever need me, call, I'll be there through it all
You're the reason I can stand tall: me and my girlfriend

[Chorus: 2Pac]
All I need in this life of sin
Is me and my girlfriend
Down to ride to the bloody end
Just me and my girlfriend
All I need in this life of sin
Is me and my girlfriend
Down to ride to the bloody end
Just me and my girlfriend

[Verse 4: 2Pac]
I love finger-fuckin' you, all of a sudden I'm hearin' thunder
When you bust a nut, niggas be duckin' or takin' numbers
Love to watch you at a block party, beggin' for drama
While unleashin' on the old-timers, that's on my mama
I would trade my life for yours, behind closed doors
The only girl that I adore, everything I'm askin' for
Talkin' to me, beggin' me to just take you around
Seventeen, like Brandy you just wanna be down
Talkin' loud when I tell you be quiet
You move the crowd, bustin' rounds, activatin' a riot
That's why I love you so, no control, down to roll, unleash
After a hit, you break apart, then back to one piece
Much love to my one and only girlfriend, the world is ours
Just hold me down, baby, witness the power
Never leave a nigga alone, I love you black or chrome
Turn this house into a happy home: me and my girlfriend

[Chorus: 2Pac]
All I need in this life of sin
Is me and my girlfriend
Down to ride to the bloody end
Just me and my girlfriend
All I need in this life of sin
Is me and my girlfriend
Down to ride to the bloody end
Just me and my girlfriend
All I need in this life of sin
Me and my girlfriend
Down to ride to the bloody end
Me and my girlfriend

[Refrain: 2Pac]
Lost in the whirlwind
'96 Bonnie and Clyde, me and my girlfriend
Doin' 85 when we ride
Trapped in this world of sin
Born as a ghetto child, raised in this whirlwind
Look for me, lost in the whirlwind
'96 Bonnie and Clyde, me and my girlfriend
Doin' 85 when we ride
Trapped in this world of sin
Born as a ghetto child, raised in this whirlwind
Look for me, lost in the whirlwind
'96 Bonnie and Clyde, me and my girlfriend
Doin' 85 when we ride
Trapped in this world of sin
Born as a ghetto child, raised in this whirlwind
Look for me, lost in the whirlwind
'96 Bonnie and Clyde, me and my girlfriend
Lost in the whirlwind
'96 Bonnie and Clyde, me and my girlfriend
Me and my girlfriend(Hook): Ice Cube
West side rolling, all day, everyday
Got your bitch open, you're fucking with heavyweights
Like, where they stay on my space
And stay the fuck outta my face

(Hook): 2Pac
Motherfucker west west y'all I'm straight ridah, I'm straight ridah, I'm straight ridah, I'm straight ridah, I'm straight ridah, I'm straight ridah, I'm straight ridah, I'm straight ridah

(Verse 1): 2Pac
And watch 'em ride, Outlaw motherfuckers
'Til we die, Westside! My garage full of cars that bounce
Movin' my tapes in major weight 'cause every dollar counts
Busters is jealous and half these niggas is punks
They runnin' off at the mouth 'til I fill it up with my pump
They jump, my automatic keep 'em weary
While you frontin' like you Billy Badass, nigga, you scary
I been knowin' you for years, we was high school peers
In Junior High I was itchin' to kill, and you was ready to die
While you bullshittin' niggas was dyin' and catchin' cases
Bustin' my automatics at motherfuckers in foreign places
Leavin' no trace, they see my face and they buried
Bitches die in a hurry, still I ride, I'm never worried
Mr. Makaveli tell me to ride, and I'ma ride
Pick my enemies out the crowd, and motherfuckers die Westside! when you see me nigga holla my set and watch we ride outlaw motherfucker till we die still ballin

(Hook): 2Pac
Motherfucker west west Westside! I'm straight ridah, I'm straight ridah, I'm straight ridah, I'm straight ridah, I'm straight ridah, I'm straight ridah, I'm straight ridah, I'm straight ridah

(Lil John):
Come on You fuckin' with the motherfuckin' realist niggas

(Verse 2): Ice Cube
We run A-Town, we run LA
Now get down on your motherfuckin' belly
Before this AK make you do a ballet
It's the nut cracker, I'm the linebacker
Three motherfuckers, hard as concrete
Y'all motherfuckers soft as Gandhi
Pull that thing out, now you a zombie
All down with you know where I be
West side rolling, all day, everyday
Got your bitch open, you're fucking with heavyweights
Like, where they stay on my space
And stay the fuck outta my face
Ghostwriters I'm on ya'
From Atlanta, Georgia to California
This shit can't go no longer
And when I catch ya, I'm a-don ya

(Hook): 2Pac
Still ballin Motherfucker west west Westside! In this life I lead, fiend for currency, get high off weed
Collect G's, make my enemies bleed
When you see me, nigga, holla my set!
And watch 'em ride, Outlaw motherfuckers 'til we die
In this life I lead, fiend for currency, get high off weed
Collect G's, make my enemies bleed
When you see me, nigga, holla my set!
And watch 'em ride, Outlaw motherfuckers
'Til we die, in this life I lead

(Hook): Ice Cube
West side rolling, all day, everyday
Got your bitch open, you're fucking with heavyweights
Like, where they stay on my space
And stay the fuck outta my face

(Hook): Eazy-E
Niggas ain't want me to bein' happy when I'm dead
But I ain't goin' out unless 30 niggas die

(Hook): 2Pac
When you see me, nigga, holla my set!
And watch 'em ride, Outlaw motherfuckers
'Til we die, in this life I lead

(Verse 3): Eazy-E
Some motherfucker's gotta die!
I'm an evil motherfucker ready to tear shit up
I'm gonna put these things on you, and never let up
See, my momma...she was wrong when I was born
That a nigga like E should'a never been born
Too late, big mistake in '72
It's '92, now the year of code blue
15 hours..11 minutes..30 seconds
I'm a motherfuckin' wreck
Gonna pay back niggas who did me wrong in the past
My days ain't long
I'm comin' strong and fast
Lock up 8 niggs..kill up 10 pigs
Innocent and fuckers are also dyin, too
Now what else can I do?
Fuck, fuck, fuck and plant my seeds
Leavin' kids in this world like me
The lunatic psycho mutherfucka Eazy-E

(Hook): 2Pac
Motherfucker still ballin Motherfucker west west Westside! In this life I lead, fiend for currency, get high off weed
Collect G's, make my enemies bleed
When you see me, nigga, holla my set!
And watch 'em ride, Outlaw motherfuckers 'til we die
In this life I lead, fiend for currency, get high off weed
Collect G's, make my enemies bleed
When you see me, nigga, holla my set!
And watch 'em ride, Outlaw motherfuckers
'Til we die, in this life I lead. In this life I lead, fiend for currency, get high off weed
Collect G's, make my enemies bleed
When you see me, nigga, holla my set!
And watch 'em ride, Outlaw motherfuckers
'Til we die, in this life I lead fiend for currency, get high off weed
Collect G's, make my enemies bleed
When you see me, nigga, holla my set!
And watch 'em ride, Outlaw motherfuckers
'Til we die, in this life I lead[Produced by Darryl Harper and E.D.I. (Remix)]

[Intro: 2Pac]
Stand in formation, my motherfuckin' real troopers
Let's do it like soldiers - all and together now!
Ready? Hell yeah, y'all niggas better get ready
No retreat, no surrender, death before dishonor motherfucker!
Do it to 'em, c'mon never die thuggish, uhh - YES YES YES
Say what? (Eastside, Westside ride) Where ya at, where ya at?
Where my real thugs, where ya at, where ya at?
Where my real thugs, where ya at, where ya at?
Where my real thugs, where ya at?!
Hehehe, send cases to the drug dealer
Real thugs, where ya at? You motherfuckin' home
Do it to 'em, do it to 'em
They love the way we do it to 'em, we do it to 'em

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Suppress the revolution a premeditated scheme
Introduce a drug called crack to us ghetto teens
Got a law for raw niggas, now, playa what it be like?
When will niggas see they got us bleedin' with three strikes?
Can't seem to focus hopeless, with violent thoughts I wrote this
Got these Devils petrified, hidin' from my hocus-pocus
And so I learned to earn my currency and over time
Affiliated, clearly click of military minds
May God forgive us though we dwell inside a paradox
Thugged out and drug dealin', from the womb to the block
My live mind got me survivin' five rounds (shots)
My forty-five got me fortified with live rounds
When shit's thick we plot hits, when my Glock spits
All hail, out on bail, wrath of the 2Pacalypse
Forever ghetto necessary picture food stamps
Outlaw Thug Niggas never left the Boot Camp

[Verse 2: Cocoa Brovaz]

[Tek]
They called us for assignment, one of the squad's finest
Skills in guerilla warfare and blessed with refinement
My rap sheet, contains sections of bomb sessions
Says I'm responsible for black Smif-N-Wessun
Puttin likkle yout's in a military state of mind
Dangerous like chronic and yard when combined
Cocoa Brovaz 'pon de borderline
Test de sound and ye dead same ti-ime

[Steele]
Man to man, I'm facin' the Devil with a plan
Judo stance, first glance, I'm makin' my advance
Animal instincts, intelligence of an assassin
Masked men, ninjas that surround me, ready to attack
I react swiftly, what father taught me sticks with me
Never forget the method, stick and move strictly
Shit be seemin' like it's closin' in
With no regrets I hold position
Cause I suppose I'm one of the chosen men

[Verse 3: Buckshot]
Picture being put in a position to move
And you can't move cause your move is blocked by the knight
At twelve o'clock, that's when the madness begins
So I start to focus in, my thoughts on the war
Cause the rule is the law, and the law that we live by
Is to stay true to self, in this case, BDI
Why try if ya body lie
By the block true soldier mentality, this is how we rock and roll
(This is how we ride)

[Boot Camp Clik]
Stick and move, time to show 'em how to make a move
Or get moved on, let's see who strong

[Verse 4: Cocoa Brovaz]
[Tek]
In the gaze of the strange, where nothin stays the same
Where new faces come through with similar game
Now who you thought was them, really ain't
They catchin' deja vu's of the game people play
It's a call for readjustment, fine tune yo' position
You slippin' and trippin' 'stead of bobbin and dippin'
But never let this world of stress get the best of me
Takin' breathin' techniques, slay you with Tai-Chi

[Steele]
What does it take, to get a break in the world of snakes
And dose who fake
Elimination I'm facin' destruction
Outlawed, so I duck and down, fo'-fo' is bustin', no one to trust in
Rushin' to the goal line
Catch a nigga beat him treat him like he stole mine
No swine I'm a soldier, soldier I control mine
Time to, take you, back into time - follow dis here

[Verse 5: Buckshot]
One way out, this black hole
For this black soul, shit is outta control
I'm fightin' for my position to be a fetus in this world I'm enterin'
And my face is sentencin' for repentance
Before my body was fully formed into a human
I was already consumin' weed
Cause my moms used to smoke back in the 70's
Maybe that's why in the 90's I drop G's when I drop degrees
When I ease across the block with 'Pac
Got all y'all niggas shocked
You didn't think Boot Camp Clik would link, with a Outlaw mind?
If you do you press rewind
And you can peep guerilla tactics in every line

[Outro: 2Pac]
Yeah, and this is how we do it!
Where my real thugs, where they at?
Let me, see my real thugs, now where ya at?
Won'tcha, see my real thugs, where ya at?
Let me, see my real thugs, where ya at now?
Where my real thugs, let me see, where ya at?
Tell me where my real thugs gots to see, where ya at?
Where's my soldiers - where ya at?
Where my, real soldiers - where ya at?
Where my soldiers at; where ya at, where ya at?
Get yo' strap my nigga; where ya at, where ya at?
Where my soldiers at; where ya at, what ya at?
Getcha, thug niggas where ya at, witcha strap?
Where my soldiers at, where my true thug niggas
No longer drug dealers cause we now, thug niggas
Where my soldiers at, no longer drug dealers
Cause we now, thug niggas, let me, where my
Where my soldiers at?, put your pistols in the air
Where my soldiers at?, put yo' guns up
Tell me where my soldiers at?, put yo' pistols in the air
Where my, SOLDIERS, my true thug ROLLERS
Yes, it just doesn't quit, YES!
This is that real hip-hop shit YES!
Fuck what you heard
From the ghetto to the 'burbs, know we meant, every word
Where my SOLDIERS?, where my soldiers at
Where my SOLDIERS?, where my soldiers at
Put yo' hand on the pistol, put yo' pistols in the air
Where my soldiers at?, where my soldiers at?
Where my SOLDIERS?, where my soldiers at
Where my SOLDIERS?, where my soldiers at
When Bob Dole and Delores Tucker wanna know
Where my soldiers at, GO VOTE!![Verse 1: Dee Tha Mad Bitch]
What goes on in the mind of a bad boy? Nothin' but payback
Who's next, the clip, callin' murder conducting the contract
Better watch your back
Since he's makin' that comeback
The 1-87 will stop 'em
The hollow point, will drop ya
Go on, here's a scene for your soul
So take heed when you meet face-to-face, here comes the grim reaper
You best to profit from the depths of hell
He's a real McCoy
But ain't no stoppin' this girl is bad boy
He ain't no joke
Muthafucka grab your throat
Before you find yourself cut with a blade
As your bloody body lays on top of cement
In front of your president
It was a murder for hire
Hit an innocent child in the crossfire
Now he's confined to a jail
Got shot six times, in his spine
But his mind is still down at the grind
He's willin' to destroy
That's what he lives for, to be a bad boy

[Chorus]
Bad boy, bad boy, what you gonna do?
What you gonna do? Watch out, we comin' at you
Bad boy, bad boy, what you gonna do?
What you gonna do? We're comin' after you
Bad boy, bad boy, what you gonna do?
What you gonna do? Watch out, we comin' at you
Bad boy, bad boy, what you gonna do?
What you gonna do? Watch out, we comin' at you

[Verse 2: 2Pac]
I got these bustas on my block and they after me
Runnin' 'round tellin' these niggas, how they gon' capture me
It's gettin' crazy, it's hard to make my mind up
Now should I, buck 'em down, or put my nine up?
You see, I ain't a bad boy, just a boy who had it bad
I graduated from 22's to 3-57 mags
Runnin' on these marks 'fore they stashin'
I ain't askin', give it up, or get to blastin'
The penitentiary don't scare me
A straight thug nigga, the whole set'll take care of me
And tell me, who the fuck you gon' find
Rough enough to tear these bitch-niggas, this is mine
Now busta, meet my nine, 24 on the grind
I'm sick about mine, and uh, ain't nothin' wrong with gettin' high
A hustlin'-ass nigga from the projects, I'm makin' loot
And screamin' Thug Life, nigga, when I shoot
They made me

[Chorus]
Bad boy, bad boy, what you gonna do?
What you gonna do? Watch out, we comin' at you
Bad boy, bad boy, what you gonna do?
What you gonna do? We're comin' after you
Bad boy, bad boy, what you gonna do?
What you gonna do? Watch out, we comin' at you
Bad boy, bad boy, what you gonna do?
What you gonna do? Watch out, we comin' at you

[Verse 3: Dee Tha Mad Bitch]
Now how many bad boys in the house
So hurry boys got the bigger nuts
What the fuck, I gave 'em the blunts
Havin' a grudge against the whole fuckin' world
A 16 shot-block-Glock, that'll stop 'em
They're sure to hit the ground
Nothin', bustin' a cap on no more every round
A bad boy is the big, shot on the block
He got knots, bigger rocks for the cops
Before he gets props
So you petty boys, you can't fuck with 'em
You can eat the biggest good friend
Or become a victim of a dead man
It's sad to see, when you end up six-feet deep
So rest in peace, muthafucka, join the pow
He got nothin' but the realest style
Flavors when on the mic
And packin' the meal like life
Savers, sweep up on you at night
His grip on tight, and make you take a bite
That's all she wrote, barrel went down your throat
Killin' off these niggas for fun
Murder one, and throw away your gun
He's livin' his life like a soldier
That's what he lives for, to be a Bad Boy

[Chorus]
Bad boy, bad boy, what you gonna do?
What you gonna do? Watch out, we comin' at you
Bad boy, bad boy, what you gonna do?
What you gonna do? Watch out, we're comin' after you

[Outro]
[?][2Pac]
I know this girl and her name is Minnie
Livin' in the projects didn't own a penny
Met her at a school dance so I took a chance
Walked her to the parkin' lot for a little romance
Got to my car, put the key in the ignition
Turned on the slow jams, I was on a mission
I was catchin' wild things like the chicken pox
I was "J" and knockin' boots right down the socks
She was freaky and wild, oh man could I call it?
But when I dropped her off, she had stole my wallet
I couldn't quite believe that why a hoocher-coocher?
But that was my first experience with MINNIE THE MOOCHER!!

[2Pac]
Minnie the Moocher was a legend on the block I'm from
A dream girl to many brothers, but true to none
Her reputation was enormous - a real go getter
And once a brother met her, he wanted to get with her
Maybe it was her smile, her personality or
The way she shook her shimmy or the clothes she wore
But whatever it was, Minnie the Moocher was an expert
Real heart-breaker, but never get hurt
She had this boyfriend, his name was Diamond
Helpin' Minnie out with the little social climbin'
Met with Politicians, peace to many others
Suddenly and instantly, they became her lovers
She took the power that they possessed
And Minnie did it all without gettin' undressed
Minnie dissed Diamond sayin' that he could not live with her
But he wanted payment for the things he did for her
He grabbed the gun sittin' on the nightstand
Minnie held the bullets, put the pistol in her right hand
She was a legend to everyone who knew her
That's is my memory of Minnie the Moocher

[Ray Tyson]
Minnie had a boyfriend, a gambler
Addicted to poker, an alcoholic, a basshead, crack smoker
He took her to Harlem, and all around Chinatown
He bought some bass, a pipe a tape of hard-rap sounds
She was an addict, tired of the static and poverty
Sick of the same ghetto misery
See, Minnie was a young kid lookin' for excitement
Smokey was a hoodlum, headin' for inditement
Then one day their relationship stopped
When Smokey was killed by the M-I-C-Cops
Minnie was hurt, lost without a clue
To her, there was no chance of gettin' somebody new
So she walked home sadly, as bad as it seems
She cried herself to sleep to find the man of her dreams

[Ray Tyson]
She had dreams and schemes about the King of Sweden
He gave her things that this girl was much needin'
A plush house made of gold and steel
A diamond car with a platt in the wheel
Now you might think this is a lot of stuff
But to Minnie this was not enough
He bought a stable, full of thorough-bred race horses
His meal she ate was a dozen courses
She had a fortune in nickels and dimes
And she sat around and counted it a billion times
She had bank, yeah Minnie was clockin'
Had every sucker in the neighborhood JOCKIN'!!
She would walk by tryin' all to wink her eye
Then she dissin', with zero reply* Poems written by Shakur as ~ interpreted by other artists

[Lyfe Jennings]
Mmmmmmmmmmmmm..

In the event of my demise, when my heart can beat no more
I hope I at least died for a principle, or a belief I've lived fo'
And if I die before my time, when I'm not fast enough to catch my breath, oh no
Give my apologies to the man upstairs, let him know I tried my best

[Hook]
And as I'm movin on
No I've come to grips with this old sayin goodbye thing
And though my body's gone
Rest assured that my kids will know that daddy's never far from home
I'll be seein you
On the other side of that yellow brick road, we've been told so much about
No doubt, no doubt
I'm gonna miss y'all, miss y'all, miss y'all

[Lyfe Jennings]
Before I reach my death y'all there's still some things I wanna see
Got dreams of havin a wife, fat as hell, carryin my seed
Got other dreams of growin old
But from what I've been told that's just wishful thinkin
So I sayyyy, {?}
This body's no longer, breathin

[Hook] w/ variations

[Lyfe Jennings]
'Pac, 'Pac, Lyfe, Lyfe
Lyfe, Lyfe
'Pac, Lyfe, Lyfe
'Pac, 'Pac, 'Pac
'Pac, Lyfe[Verse 1]
My seductive introduction be specific, still elusive
But exclusive's what I give you when I kick it, and I'm still lifted
Niggas can't get with Mr. Wicked
Picture me flipping my adversaries, gettin the dick swiftly
Niggas are swinging wild, but they styles miss me
You can bring that bitch but you whole click'll still get treated shitty
Business never personal I'm up before the sun come up on thai
Just a ghetto star, a dropped up double-R is what I'm riding
Nigga, if you was half the man your bitch was, bring you artillery
When you come for me, cause we sick thugs
No hesitation when I pull and blast, cause Syke was busting
Plus, bow had 'em ducking, screaming, "Get they cash!"
So now I got the law on me, my phone's tapped
So I had to send word through my little homies
Tell them niggas this the year when they pull the trigger
Shit, this is what you get, for fucking, with the wrong nigga
This is what you get, when you fucking with the wrong nigga
Hehehehe, yeah nigga, peep it

[Verse 2]
Before I lay me down to sleep I, pray and thank the Lord
For giving me another fruitful, day
I wanna be a peaceful man but still when niggas come for me
All I can see is getting 'em, killed
For real it's how I feel, reflect my thoughts, flowing on these reels
Make my enemies deal with my steel, they caps peeled
We still cool but you played yourself
Give him the mac and make him spray hisself, hey
Falling legends clutching chrome three-five-seven
Puttin two bullets to they dome, wanted to die in heaven
Why call in shots nobody really as clear as me
Ain't trying to help the feds get a case for conspiracy
Murder my foes get disposed of
We all homies to the death, so my true niggas show me love
God forgive me for my lifestyle, a negative figure
But why they fucking with the wrong nigga, you know?
It's like..
Why you fucking with the wrong nigga..

[Verse 3]
I was raised by thugs, schooled by killers
Learned my mathematics skills from real drug dealers
Tried to rise but they tried me
I guess they all had to die cause we tried peace
I die in these streets, blast 'til they recognize
Still do or die, all my niggas gettin high watching time fly
Best strategize on the way to profit
Best organize how you ride so they can't stop it
Then keep it poppin lot of busters wanna see me fall
I fucked your bitch and now this new shit gonna' fade 'em all
My niggas ball made a call for some backup
For little' homies and my dogs in the black truck
Buck buck was the sound as they gats burst
No need for ambulance, baby bring the black hearse
Should've never fucked around buster, how you figure?
Ma kin moves on the wrong nigga, is what it sounds like
Ding ding ding.. when you fuck with the wrong nigga..
Niggas gettin hit, when they fuck, with the wrong nigga..
Fucking with the wrong nigga..LM[Verse 1]
They got a nigga shedding tears, reminiscin on my past fears
Cause shit was hectic for me last year
It appears that I've been marked for death
My heartless breath, the underlying cause of my arrest
My life is stressed, and no rest forever weary
My eyes stay teary for all the brothers that are buried in the cemetery
Shit's scary, our black on black crime legendary
But at times unnecessary, I'm gettin worried
Teardrops and closed caskets, the three strikes law is drastic
And certain death for us ghetto bastards
What can we do when we're arrested, but open fire
Life in the pen ain't for me, cause I'd rather die
But don't cry through your despair
I wonder if the Lord still cares, for us niggas on welfare
And who cares if we survive
The only time they notice a nigga is when he clutchin on a four-five
My neighborhood ain't the same
Cause all the little babies goin crazy and they sufferin in the game
And I swear it's like a trap
But I ain't given up on the hood it's all good when I go back
Hoes show me love, niggas give me props
Forever hop cause it don't stop... on my block

[Richie Rich & 2-Pac mini skit]

[Verse 2]
Now shit's constantly hot, on my block, it never fails to be gunshots
Can't explain a mother's pain, when her son drops
Black male living in hell when will we prevail
Fearin jail but crack sales got me livin well
In a sense I'm suicidal with this Thug's Life
Stayin strapped, forever trapped in this drug life
God help me, cause I'm starvin, can't get a job
So I resort to violent robbings, my life is hard
Can't sleep cause all the dirt make my heart hurt
Put in work and shed tears for my dead peers
Misled from childhood where I went astray
Till this day I still pray for a better way
Can't help but feel hopeless and heartbroke
From the start I felt the racism cause I'm dark
Couldn't quit, the bullshit make me represent
Hit the bar and played the star, everywhere I went
In my heart, I felt alone out here on my own
I close my eyes and picture home... on my block

[Richie Rich & 2-Pac mini skit once again]

[Verse 3]
And I can't help but wonder why
So many young kids had to die
Caught strays from AK's in a drive-by
Swollen pride and homicide, don't coincide
Brothers cry for broken lives, mama come inside
Cause our block is filled with danger
Used to be a close knit community but now we're all cold strangers
Time changes us to stone, them crack pipes
All up and down the block exterminatin black life
But I can't blame the dealers
My mama's welfare check has brought the next man chrome wheels
Shit's real, I know ya feel, my tragedy
A single mother with a problem child, daddy free
Hangin out pickin up game, sippin cheap liquor
Gamin the hoochies hopin I can get to sleep with her
It's a man's world, stayin strapped
Fantasies of a nigga livin phat, but held back
Pipe dreams can make the night seem hopeless
Wide eyed and losin focus... on my block

[Richie Rich & 2-Pac skit once again]

[Verse 4]
And block parties in the projects lastin way past daylight
A young nigga learned to break night
Used to play fight with my homies but they stuck in the pen
I send them ends, but it's tough on a friend, in my mind
I see the same motherfuckers ballin
Alcohol will make a lazy nigga slip and fall, misses call
I know the young niggas understand this
Growing up in this world where everything is scandalous
I reminisce on tha fast times, past crimes
Tryin to cop a slice of pizza with my last dime
Can't explain, just what attracts me to this dirty game
Gold chains, some extra change, and the street fame
And what's strange is that everybody knows my name, swear they all know me
And lots of cash make a nigga change
I hit the green just to maintain, feelin pain
For all the niggas that I lost to the game... from my block

[Outro with Richie Rich vocals]
Rest in peace to all the motherfuckers who passed away
From all the blocks that I’m from
One-twelve street, 7th Avenue, New York, Uptown, knahmsayin?
183rd and Walt, my block, that’s right
122nd and Morningside, my block, that’s right
Decatur Avenue, Baltimore, my block, that’s right
In the jungle of Marin City, that’s my block, that’s right
Los Angeles, haha, that’s my block too
Oakland, can’t forget Oaktown, that’s my block for sure
And all the other blocks around this motherfucker
Houston, Florida, St. Louis, Tennessee, Miami, Chicago
All y'all niggas stay kicking up dust[Verse 1]
I lay awake tonight, because I wanna be with you
If you were beside me, I'd playfully kiss you
Each time I see ya, the feelin gets stronger
You sit a bit closer, we stare a lot longer
Huh - reach for my drink and for a second we touch
Words are muttered I stutter, cause I want you that much
The situation is a no-win, cause he's my best friend
But now I'm guilty, of fallin for his girlfriend
I know it's wrong but my heart is filled with purity
I offer passion but he offers security
Its like a trap that I'm sinkin into
I wake up sweaty when I'm sleepin cause I'm thinkin of you
Then we make eye contact, and I can't hold back
I try to shake it but the feelin comes right back
What have I gotten into, I feel posessed by you
I have these thoughts at night, of undressin you
Its kinda obvious blind men might see it
But he doesn't, so he keeps on trustin me
Leaves me alone wit you, while he's on vacation
Well how could he leave me, with this temptation?
Now I'm confused, cause I'm no Casanova
But you keep callin - you're sayin to come over
What do I do? Go or stay and play it smart
Its gettin rougher cause I suffer from a burnin heart..
My burnin heart..

[Verse 2]
Girl, you are my one and only
You are my angel, and now ya wanna leave me lonely
What did I do? Baby did I treat you bad?
My heart is broken, and now ya make me sad
I remember, when this love affair first started
We was so in love, and now we are departed
Girl, I'll buy ya anything ya heart desires
I have to let ya know, baby you're my fire
Warm and wet, each kiss is prolonged
It's your sweet caress that makes Rock T strong
Just bein with you, and seein the two of us
Walkin along the beach, cause girl you are my peach
So sweet and tender, my love I surrender
No need to pretend, that you'll want it to end
I'll never let you go, you're forever my girl
Ya know why? Cause girl, you are my world
My burnin' heart..

[Verse 3]
Totally tounge tied, every three seconds I keep watchin you
He's my best friend, but I can't help clockin you
How could this be? How could we both love you
Now I'm trapped in this position and don't know what to do
I could forget about you, pretend that we never met
But when I'm here without you, I start to heavily sweat
You give me looks that reinforce the bond that's already there
So many times I find eyes locked up and just passionately stare
Play the role like you don't matter, he swears that we hate each other
But in reality we can't wait to taste each other
You're my addiction casue I fiend for your desperately
I stand here fantasizin, because you're next to me
What can I do, with this passion I feel
It's too hard to conceal, so I know it's for real
Watched you so many times, I know where every curve is
I think you reads my mind, and so I'm feelin nervous
I wana tell you how I feel, but that wouldn't help
It would only cause problems so I keep to myself
Even though, it drives me crazy, to see you sittin with him
A tear rolls down my cheek, because I see you kiss him
I know the words you're sayin before they can be said
Hear the thoughts that you thinkin before they come in your head
Wouldn't hurt the brother, for anything in this world
But damn I fell in love with his girl - my burnin heart, heart, heart..

[Verse 4]
My heart is burnin, ya know it's yearin, for ya sweet caress
I lay in ecstacy, as you kiss and rub my chest
You know ya love me, why must you deny yourself
What I can offer you, yet you want somebody else?
It's not that - well then girl, what could it be?
I hope I'm good for you, cause baby you're so good for me
Many nights I cried and tried to make this work
Then act the fool and cool and cruel like the church
Well I'm sorry baby, I have to let you know
You are my life my strength I refuse to let you go
You are so beautiful, baby you light up my life
I close my eyes and dream of that you'll become my wife
Day in and day out, it's you I pray about
Don't lock the door to your heart and make me stay out
I love you cause honey, you're like a work of art
You got me on fire - my burnin heart..

[Verse 5]
I lay awake tonight, because I wanna be with you
If you were beside me, I'd playfully kiss you
Each time I see ya, the feelin gets stronger
You sit a bit closer, we stare a lot longer
Huh - reach for my drink and for a second we touch
Words are muttered I stutter, cause I want you that much
The situation is a no-win, cause he's my best friend
But now I'm guilty, of fallin for his girlfriend
I know it's wrong but my heart is filled with purity
I offer passion but he offers security
Its like a trap that I'm sinkin into
I wake up sweaty when I'm sleepin cause I'm thinkin of you
Then we make eye contact, and I can't hold back
I try to shake it but the feelin comes right back
What have I gotten into, I feel posessed by you
I have these thoughts at night, of undressin you
Its kinda obvious blind men might see it
But he doesn't, so he keeps on trustin me
Leaves me alone wit you, while he's on vacation
Well how could he leave me, with this temptation?
Now I'm confused, cause I'm no Casanova
But you keep callin - you're sayin to come over
What do I do? Go or stay and play it smart
Its gettin rougher cause I suffer from a burnin heart..
My burnin heart..
My burnin heart.. my burnin heart.. my burnin heart..[Intro]
Here me and my closest road dogs
To my dog named Mussolini (you know it dog)
Big Syke (Westside)
Thug Life, baby (outlaw)
The return of the mashers, you know how we do it
Hahaha!

[Verse 1]
Shit half the times we fought and caused trouble
My closest road dog it was cool cause I love you
Fuck what they talkin' bout
Let me take you back in time, rewind to eighty-nine
Introduced me to this life of crime, but we was blind
Little nappy-haired juveniles, livin' wild
No smiles on our faces, thirteen catchin' cases
Indeed, it was misery
Driven by my own demons, cause they was killin' me
How can I be sure I'll be saved soon?
Catch me dip into the light, of a stray moon
It's gettin' deeper now, let me get yo' mind right
Fuck yo' enemies, nigga grip yo' nine tight, tonight's the night
Murder murder Mr. Lucifer
Pictures of the devil DUCK when he shoot at cha, it's all political
Runnin' from the future, escapin' in the fog
Live yo' life like a hog nigga, me and my closest road dogz

[Hook: sung]
Every ghetto street got a crosswalk
Let me get to the other side with my road dogz
(me and my closest road dog)
All roam in the scary place called home
Take a second victim and if they all gone, my closest road dogz
Every ghetto street got a stop sign
Can I trust in you my road dogz on mine?
Even when I'm goin' through hard times
I still got my closest road dogz lookin' out for all mine

[Verse 2]
Haha.. bring artillery and ROLL with a nigga
They could never take the soul of a M.O.B. soldier nigga
Cowards get rolled up, mob on 'em Makaveli
Boy you's a boss player, that's what all the bitches tell me
Even if I died now
I live my life eternally and never lie down, why cry now?
Fooled a few but never 'came a gamer
Ain't tryin' to hear it
Evil spirits hide at total strangers, yo' life's in danger
Prepare nigga be aware, cause we ain't scared
M.O.B., 'til I die, when we ride niggas disappear
Fill 'em up with pistol smoke
Never forget to blow a hole in his head
For leakin' information to the feds
The burnin' bed was the tellin' sign
Two hired guns bustin' everyone, yellin' everybody die
Why the fuck they fuck around, we left 'em in the fog
Bleedin' like a stuck hog, me and my closest road dogz

[Hook: sung]
Every ghetto street got a crosswalk
Let me get to the other side with my road dogz
(Bleedin' like a stuck hog, me and my closest road dogz)
All roam in the scary place called home
Take a second victim and if they all gone, my closest road dogz
Every ghetto street got a stop sign
Can I trust in you my road dogz on mine?
Even when I'm goin' through hard times
I still got my closest road dogz lookin' out for all mine

[Verse 3]
Fuck they feelings, that's what they get for squealin'
That's the pressures of a gangsta, dangerous this drug dealin'
See me in physical form, my niggas swarm
Take the figure of a circle beatin' jealous niggas 'til they purple
Simon Says take they heads homies
And send them phony motherfuckers to dwell with all they dead homies
Fishin' for fake niggas, observe and shake niggas
The only way to see six figures, is break niggas
Me and Mussolini set to ride we high
Big Bogart got the alibi,homicide ask us why
Labelled a Capo in the mob as big as the globe
To live and die as a millionaire, on ..
Set to explode, my M.O., is kill them hoes
My pistol's like a disease, my enemies and foes
Get murdered and disposed of, we in the fog
Makaveli the Don, and my closest road dogz

[Hook: sung]
Every ghetto street got a crosswalk
Let me get to the other side with my road dogz
(my closest road dogz)
All roam in the scary place called home
Take a second victim and if they all gone, (my closest road dogz)
Every ghetto street got a stop sign
Can I trust in you my road dogz on mine?
Even when I'm goin' through hard times
I still got my closest road dogz lookin' out for all mine
Every ghetto street got a crosswalk
Let me get to the other side with my road dogz
All roam in the scary place called home
Take a second victim and if they all gone, my closest road dogz
Every ghetto street got a stop sign
Can I trust in you my road dogz on mine?
Even when I'm goin' through hard times
I still got my closest road dogz lookin' out for all mineThere R no words 2 express
how much I truly care
So many times I fantasize of
feelings we can share
My heart has never known
the Joy u bring 2 me
As if GOD knew what I wanted
and made u a reality
I'd die 2 hold u or 2 kiss u
or merely to see your face
my stomach quivers my body shivers
and my heart increases pace
2 give me $ or lots of gold
would not be the same 2 me
I prayed and watched the distant stars
and finally u came 2 me!

Faithfully Yours,
Tupac Amaru Shakur[Intro: 2Pac & Greg Nice]
Old jealous ass motherfuckers
Yo 'Pac, baby what's up?
(They'd love to see me in my motherfuckin' casket)
What's up my nigga? Greg motherfuckin' Nice
(It ain't happenin')
That new?, yeah
(That's one of them new Ben Franklin's
You're countin' there baby 'Pac?)
We gotta get our cash man, to do it
(We gotta get that money, homeboy)
We got the West side and the East side
Oh man, this is how we do it
East West, west east to south, that's how do it
They can feel it, We're the fuckin' realest, let's do it
(Ahhhh)

[Chorus: 2Pac]
How we; Our own styles
How we; Our own styles
How we; Our own styles
Our own styles
How we; Our own styles
How we; Our own styles
How we; Our own styles
Our own styles

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Don't you love it? 2Pac free shit, that reach the public
Still I, believe my speech so deep that all my real niggas dub it
Ass naked rhymes in these cash makin' times
Got me losin' my mind inside the lines of these wicked rhymes
Label me a ghetto star, comin' up quick
Shit!, fuck what you heard, we be runnin' this shit
It's plain to see, my whole damn clique shine bright
Always knew the real niggas would end the shit when the time is right
Now East to West is irrelevant, we're doin' it worldwide
Ha ha, similar to bitches, like girls they hide
They die slow, when I ride low, bumpin' this beat
I bury, all bitch made niggas, comin' for me
I rock them to sleep, then evade the cops
I'll never go alive, 45 Blazin' shots
Still gettin' mine, livin' blind, search for salvation
Still got my guns, but I visualize One Nation
My work is done when my niggas get their cash in stacks
Get your ass on the cash checks, mash in packs
Forever ballin', the alcohol callin' me
And I still, bust on them all till they crawl to me
To all my Hip Hop junkies and my niggas in jail
When this song (HUH!) play give them Hell, my thug nation

[Hook: Greg Nice]
HUH! HUH!
Peep out how we freak our own styles
Peep out how we freak our own styles
Peep out how we freak our own styles
Peep out how we freak our own styles
Peep out how we (HUH!) freak our own styles (HUH!)
Peep out how we freak our own styles
Peep out how we (Yeah) freak our own styles
Peep out how we freak our own styles

[Verse 2: E.D.I. Amin]
Enter; make yourself welcome! 'Cause E.D.I. is hostin'
Rollin' with niggas on the mash, coast to coastin'
We don't be boastin', no high postin' is allowed
Makaveli hit us a lick and we set to make 20 thou'
But it's all gravy, baby who does this daily?
It ain't amazin', real niggas trail blazin'
Man, stays in constant flow 'cause we gots to get it y'all
Always had a passion for cash so now it's gettin' critical
Digital, display relays that on this day
The East Coast/West Coast war is now history
Feel me? then picture me rollin' with niggas from Hoboken to Oakland
Puttin' it down more potent than that shit you're smokin'
One Nation!

[Verse 3: Young Noble]
Young Noble, I'm calm and casual
Bomb like the Arabs do, the end be tragical
Televised, I'm nasty new, the revolution comin'
What you gonna be shootin' or runnin'?
My crew was trained for gunnin', soldier state your name and number
We're racin' Hummers, tryin' to catch the sunset
We lace state runners, a handful of death threats
So what's next? A war plan and a strategy
Battle me to the death, there's none left to hell with casualties
We made niggas under trainin', trained triggers for the aimin'
Jersey claimin'; ain't a damn thing changin', One Nation!

[Hook: Greg Nice]
Peep out how we freak our own styles (styles)
Peep out how we freak our own styles (styles)
Peep out how we freak our own styles (styles)
Peep out how we freak our own styles (styles)
Peep out how we freak our own styles (styles)
Peep out how we freak our own styles (styles)
Peep out how we freak our own styles
Peep out how we freak our own styles (OoohhaaaahhhHH)

Said what? - said what?

[Verse 4: Greg Nice]
I been rockin' mics since Sergio Valenti
Down for my people just like Kunta Kinte
Got more Boricua mommies than Tito Puente
My man 2Pac picked me up in the Bentley
You come from the East, come to speak peace
Come from the West, bring the Buddha bless
Come from the East, come to speak peace
Come from the West, bring the Buddha bless
It ain't no motherfuckin' hair off my chest
Time is hard, I rock a bullet proof vest
Met so many yes men, so many yes
They try to gas my head like Hess
The heavenly father put me to the test
Divide and conquer what I do best
Ain't nothin' to it but alleviate stress

[Hook: Greg Nice]
Peep out how we freak our own styles (styles)
Peep out how we freak our own styles (styles)
Peep out how we freak our own styles (styles)
Peep out how we freak our own styles (styles)
Peep out how we freak our own styles (styles)

[Outro: 2Pac & Greg Nice]
Ha ha ha ha shit, was it ever a war?
(Oh! man yo 'Pac, this is all lovely baby)
Only in your minds (Yeah nigga)
Today we sign the treaty EAST SIDE / WEST SIDE
All the real niggas ride, to pay these motherfuckers (WE RIDE NIGGA),  (World Wide)
Nobody tryin' to be clashin' and shit
Motherfuckers tryin' to get their cash
That's why we mash in this bitch (Greg Nice, 2Pac and Tha Outlawz)
So I'ma just ride out on this motherfucker
Let my Oakland peeps let you bitch made niggas know how we roll
(Baby Jesus and them Allstars, you know how we doin' it (BIATCH!!)[Intro]
Hell motherfuckin' yeah
This one goes out to my nigga Mike Cooley

[Hook]
They said
I could never do it, I will never stand up
I 'd never survive it
But I don't care what they say
I'mma do it my own way
And if these people can't handle the way I do me
I won't have to answer, I'd finally be free
They say, I should how they say
But I'mma do it my way

[Verse 1]
Born thuggin'
Heartless and mean, muggin' at sixteen
On the scene watchin' fiends buggin'
Kickin' up dust with the older G's
Soakin' up the game that was told to me
I ain't never touched a gat that I couldn't shoot
I learned not to trust the bitch from the prostitutes
Taught lessons, a young nigga askin' questions
While other suckers was guessin', I was gangsta sexing
Elementary wasn't meant for me
Can't regret it I'm headed for the penitentiary
And cuttin' class and I'm buckin' blastin' straight mashin'
Mobbin' through the overpass laughin' (hahahaha)
While these other motherfuckers try to figure out
No doubt, they jealous of a nigga's clout
Tell me lord can ya feel me?
I keep my finger on the trigger
Cause some nigga tryna to kill me

[Hook]
They said
I could never do it, I will never stand up
I 'd never survive it
But I don't care what they say
I'mma do it my own way
And if these people can't handle the way I do me
I won't have to answer, I'd finally be free
They say, I should how they say
But I'mma do it my way

[Verse 2]
Tell me lord can ya feel me, show a sign
Damn near running outta time everybody's dyin'
Mama raised a hellraiser can't figure
Why you let the police beat down niggas
I'm startin' to think all the rich in the world is safe
While the poor babies rushin' into early graves
God come save the youth
Ain't nothin' else to do but have faith in you
Dear lord I live the life of a thug hope you understand
Forgive me for my mistakes I gotta play my hand
And my hand's on the sixteen-shot, semi-automatic
Crooked cop killin' Glock
Tell me lord can ya feel me? Show a way
I'm prayin' but my enemies won't go away
And everywhere I turn I see niggas burn
Every nigga that I know's on death row

[Hook]
They said
I could never do it, I will never stand up
I 'd never survive it
But I don't care what they say
I'mma do it my own way
And if these people can't handle the way I do me
I won't have to answer, I'd finally be free
They say, I should how they say
But I'mma do it my way

[Verse 3]
Dear lord can ya hear me, it's just me
A young nigga tryin' to make it on these rough streets
I'm on my knees beggin' please come save me
The whole world done made a nigga crazy
I got my three-five-seven can't control it
Screamin' "die motherfucker!" and he's loaded
Everybody run for cover!
Aww shit, "Thug-Life motherfucker, duck quick!"
Now am I wrong if I am, don't worry me
Cause do or die gettin' high 'til they bury me
Dear lord if ya hear me tell me why
Little girl like LaTasha had to die
She never got to see the bullet, just heard the shot
Her little body couldn't take it
It shook and dropped
And when I saw it on the news how she bucked the girl
Killed Latasha
Now I'm screamin' fuck the world!

[Hook]
They said
I could never do it, I will never stand up
I 'd never survive it
But I don't care what they say
I'mma do it my own way
And if these people can't handle the way I do me
I won't have to answer, I'd finally be free
They say, I should how they say
But I'mma do it my way

[Outro]
Yeah
That nigga who hold it down for Uptown, hahahaha!
That's how we do it out here
On this underground real shit nigga
This the heat nigga
Now rewind this motherfucker
You know you can't help it
Deadly combination, bwoy![Intro] (2Pac)
Niggas! (Yeah!) (Uh)
Niggas!

[Verse: 2Pac]
Who's afraid of the punk police?
Niggas run the streets, no justice no peace
Fuck the law, rather draw than do time
Don't fuck with mine, cross the line, my two nines
Go baya baya when I shoot 'em
Korean mothafuckers was crooked
So niggas had to burn and loot 'em
Now the streets ain't safe at night
My Niggas! Straight take his life
So don't sleep when my Jeep creep up, how we hit 'em
Empty the clip, then dip cuz we did 'em
Lickin' of shots for Latasha that's proper
Love for my niggas but a Glock for the coppers
So what the fuck you wanna do now
I packed a .9 last year, in '99 I'm packin' 2 now
And even if they pull their triggers
They can shoot one man
But nothings gonna stop the plan of true niggas

[Chorus (2Pac)]
Niggas! (Yeah niggas, you can't fuck with us)
Niggas! (Cuz bein' a nigga means you love niggas)
Niggas!
(Jada!, ey yo)

[Verse: Jadakiss]
My dimes make the fiends go to sleep, so they call 'em bedrocks
Niggas is like photographers, all they take is head shots
Your last words'll be, "damn what's all these red dots?"
Niggas nowawadays, they worry me, my bars is therapy
As long as you usin' them thouroughly
Muah til the day that they bury me
My niggas is stronger and tighter now than they probably will ever be
And i'm a product of the '70's
The hood got niggas on punishment, that's why they never leave
If I ain't eatin' with you, i'm probably beefin' with you
If no money ain't involved ain't no need for me speakin' with you
I know you got a gun but i'm hopin' you keep it with you
Cuz unfortunately, i'm one of them rappers that keep a pistol and
You know what the llama do, Shady/Aftermath
Ruff Ryders, D-Block, and of course Amaru
Lotta people honor you
Probably cuz of the way you used to bring the drama to
Whoever you wanted to
You a leader when you can get a leader to follow you
But anyway, life goes on
So i'll see you when I art in heaven like our fathers do

[Chorus (2Pac)]
Niggas! (Yeah niggas, you can't fuck with us)
Niggas! (Yeah niggas, cuz bein' a nigga means you love niggas)
Niggas!
Niggas! (Nigga!, you can't fuck with us)
[Fades out]{"Niggas!"} Yeah.. uh..
{"Niggas!"}

[Verse One: 2Pac]
Who's afraid of the punk police?
Niggas run the streets, no justice no peace
Fuck the law, I'd rather draw than do time
Don't fuck with mine 'cross the line
My two 9's go BIYA BIYA when I shoot 'em
Korean motherfuckers was crooked
So niggas had to burn and loot 'em
Now the streets ain't safe at night, my niggas
.. uhh, straight take his life
So don't sleep when my team creep up, how we hit 'em
Empty the clip, then dip cause we did 'em
Lickin off shots for Latasha, that's proper
Love for my niggas but a Glock for the coppers
So what the fuck you wanna do now?
I packed a 9 last year, in '99 I'm packing two now
And even if they pull they triggers
They can shoot one man, but nothing's gonna stop the plan of true niggas

[Hook]
{"Niggas!"} Yeah, niggas - can't fuck with us
{"Niggas!"} Yeah, niggas
Cause bein a nigga means you love niggas, haha
{"Niggas!"} I was raised in this society so there's no way you can
Expect me to be a perfect person, cause I'mma do what I'mma do

[Jadakiss] HA!!! Uhh..
Aiyyo!

[Verse Two: Jadakiss]
My dimes make the fiends go to sleep, so they call 'em Bedrocks
Niggas is like photographers, all they take is headshots
Your last words'll be, damn, what's all these red dots?
Niggas nowadays they worry me
My bars is therapy, as long as you usin 'em thoroughly
Muah 'til the day that they bury me
My niggas is stronger and tighter now than they probably ever be
And I'm a product of the 70's
The hood got niggas on punishment, that's why they never leave
If I ain't eatin wit'chu I'm probably beefin wit'chu
If no money ain't involved ain't no need for me speakin wit'chu
I know you got a gun but I'm hopin you keep it wit'chu
Cause unfortunately I'm one of the rappers that keep a pistol
And know what the llama do
Shady/Aftermath, Ruff Ryders, D Block, and of course Amaru
Lot of people honor you, probably cause the way
That you used to bring the drama to, whoever you wanted to
You a leader when you can get a leader to follow you
But, anyway, life goes on
So I'll see you when I art in heaven like our fathers do

[Hook]
{"Niggas!"} Yeah, niggas - can't fuck with us
{"Niggas!"} Yeah, niggas
Cause bein a nigga means you love niggas, haha
{"Niggas!"} I was raised in this society so there's no way you can
Expect me to be a perfect person, cause I'mma do what I'mma do

[Outro]
{"Niggas!"} Nigga! Can't fuck with us(Intro)
(*"Bad motherfucker and you know this" - cut and scratched*)
Stricly Dope in the house

[2Pac Shakur]
Fumble suckers tumble, god damn I'm good
Since I was born I was strong, always knew that I could
Don't care anywhere any place I'll rock
Give me a mic to light and competition will drop
Fast or slow, I'll go and no one is gonna stop me yo
You must be kiddin', you swear you're gonna drop me no
Well sure as battlin' is bad for your health
Know you're confident my friend but don't fool yourself
My mic's a weapon, I'm steppin' with a capable rhyme
Yo, your time for playin' is over you got your crew I got mine
Not braggin', I'm bad and I could only get better
Your girl came on to me she wanted me I wouldn't let her
Don't make sense to come against me and my man "D"
How it is, how it was, that's the way it'll be
But you still think you can beat me, huh, get it together
Cause I'll never be beat, never be beat, NEVER!!

(*"Bad motherfucker and you know this" - cut and scratched*)
Stricly Dope in the house

(Ray Tyson)
Boldy, you step into the trap of the beast
Cause I'm the predator competitor and risin' like yeast
I'm the microphone musician musically I'm the most
When I rumble you tumble like a burnt piece of toast
Proceed with caution I cannot be stopped
A deadly weapon that is kept inside a sentry lock
Strong hold holdin' on but there's no holds barred
Fuck around and feel the wrath and you're forever scarred
Anybody want to battle just step the hell up
I'll toss your ass like a salad and eat you all up
You climb the rope of success but you know you can't win
You get discouraged because I hold the other end
If I let go, like all the others you will fall
The vicious vocalist consoloist will still be raw

[2Pac Shakur]
You go in battles like a sucker but you'll never recoup
But I'm the veteran the veteran goin' like a troop
Try to stop me you can't, you puff and you pant
Try to beat me at this game, but get stomped like an ant
In the long run I'm the one that's holdin' the mic
Upset to get to me sweatin' me for the rhymes that I write
This time we're goin' at it, silly sucker, get ready
Cause I'm your worst nightmare, FUCK FREDDY!!
Where's that motherfucker that said that I was a dope
Tyin' my rhymes like a rope I'll pull it tight and you'll choke
You swear that you could beat me punk get it together
Cause I'll never be beat ya punk, NEVER!!

(*"Bad motherfucker and you know this" - cut and scratched*)

(Ray Tyson)
Hard is what you wanted, now that's what you're gettin'
I'm movin' and groovin' and proven and you're still sittin'
Got me blowin' up like a Hawalian volcano
Runnin' things like drano, lettin' you know that there ain't no
Body gonna diss me now I'm comin' exact
I'm paid I got it made, now that I'm makin' tracks
This is a lesson, at bein' dope that is
Cordless mics is mine, the wheels are his
Tons and tons of freaks I'm a Mac Daddio
Writin' def jams while I'm chillin' on my patio
You are useless as a toothless piranha
I'm ruthless now I'm gonna
Bust it and discuss it make it funky to hear
Paragraph to the people penetratin' your ear
You wanna taste of it, ooh here take a full dose
Burn you up like radiation if you get too close

[2Pac Shakur]
Cause my mouth is like an uzi when it moves so quick
And the lyrics are the bullets that I'm loadin' it with
You wanna beat me homeboy, you will be destroyed
Get dropped like a habit and played like a toy
Never defeated not conceited, but let's face facts
Couldn't beat me with a motherfuckin' baseball bat
If I gave you a bomb that was nuclear armed
You could shoot it at me sucker and I wouldn't get harmed
Cause punk you can't stop me, bullets couldn't drop me
Stand on a mountain and still couldn't top me, huh
You think you'll beat me boy get it together
Cause I'll never be beat ya punk NEVER!!

(*"Bad motherfucker and you know this" - cut and scratched*)

(Ray Tyson)
When you hear my beat thumpin' it's a maxium charge
Cause I'm the hip-hop hood, the record leader at large
Got a PHD in hip-hop history
A deadly boy not a toy but a poetry, PRODIGY!!
Young beat conisseur hummin' like a bird
It was true when you heard I'm the wiz a word
Your eyes dilate, your ears drums expand
When my voice comes through the speaker from the mic in my hand
Woofers stompin' like thunder all about to explode
The needle on the nuance stuck in overload
Don't laugh cause I'm serious mister mysterious
Don't make me mad (why?) Cause I get furious
Countless time after time just when you think I'm through
I let my melody stretch to make more for you
Just bust it cause I'm just too clever
And I'll never be beat ya punk, NEVER!!

[2Pac Shakur]
Rhyme-fumble suckers tumble, god damn I'm good
Since I was born I was strong, always knew that I could
Don't care anywhere any place I'll rock
Give me a mic to light and competition will drop
Fast or slow, I'll go and no one is gonna stop me yo
You must be kiddin', you swear you're gonna drop me no
Well sure as battlin' is bad for your health
Know you're confident my friend but don't fool yourself
My mic's a weapon, I'm steppin' with a capable rhyme
Yo, your time for playin' is over you got your crew I got mine
Not braggin', I'm bad and I could only get better
Your girl came on to me she wanted me I wouldn't let her
Don't make sense to come against me and my man "D"
How it is, how it was, that's the way it'll be
But you still think you can beat me, huh, get it together
Cause I'll never be beat, never be beat, NEVER!!

(Outro)
(*"Bad motherfucker and you know this" - cut and scratched*)
Stricly Dope in the house, never be beat (not never)
Never be beat, ay Roc man, check out the competition man
Never be beat (not never), never be beat[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Now of course I want peace on the streets, but realistically
Paintin' perfect pictures ain't never worked, my misery
Was so deep, couldn't sleep through all my pressures
In my quest for cash I learned fast, usin' violent measures
Memories of adolescent years, there was unity
But after puberty, we brought war to our community
So many bodies droppin', it's gotta stop, I wanna help
But still I'm steppin', keep my weapon, must protect myself
The promise of a better tomorrow ain't never reached me
Plus my teachers was too petrified in class to teach me
Sippin' Thunderbird and grape Kool-Aid, callin' Earl
Since my stomach was empty it seduced me to fuck the world
Watch my lil' homies lose they childhoods to guns
Nobody cries no more, ‘cause we all die for fun
So why you ask me if I want peace if you can't grant it?
Niggas fightin' across the whole planet
So it could never be peace

[Hook: 2Pac]
Will there ever be peace, or are we all, just headed for doom?
Still consumed by the beast?
And I know there'll never be peace
That's why I keep my pistol when I walk the streets
‘Cause there could never be peace

[Verse 2: Kastro]
Somebody owes me. Will they control me? Not
I ain't a hater player, but I want all you got
Y'all babies had babies, now we fightin' each other
My dawgs got frabies, they bitin' each other
And it ain't hard to find a friend like mine
Bigfully is a bullet and he don't mind dyin'
And I gotta be blind, missed sign after sign
Time after time after time after time
And I don't like nobody, they don't like me more
And I'm good with that finally, but they heard it before
Dawg, we livin' in a prison, losin' our religion
On Thanksgivin' we thankful, just for livin' in Hell
Damn, homie, I don't mean to be harsh
But there's a devil in the ghetto tryin' to tear it apart
And if we make it up out, we still stuck in the dark
Will there ever be peace? Just a piece of my heart. Never!

[Interlude: Outlawz]
The only peace we got is a piece of our heart, piece of our mind, or that damn piece that we hold in our waistline
You feel me, dawg? C'mon, uhh

[Middle hook: 2Pac]
So will there ever be peace
Or are we all just headed for doom?
Still consumed by the beast?
And I know there'll never be peace (never)
That's why I keep my pistol when I walk the streets
‘Cause there'll never be peace

[Verse 3: E.D.I.]
Thangs is changin', nigga, you better read the signs
I'm only concerned about me and mine in these times
The world is a ghetto and peace is not a part of it
We all believe God's new plan to make it out of this
Niggas spendin' too much time hatin' on each other
Niggas buyin' guns, loadin' 'em up, aimin' at each other
And the victim is you and me, it's sick, but it's true indeed
The good die, mostly over bullshit, repeatedly
Deep in me there's a part that wants nothing but love
But the rest of me know, war is what's waitin' for us
So I stays ready, keep my pay heavy and boss up
Stack my funds and my guns, never rely on luck
Askin' God to point out the impostor
Never let no weapon formed against me prosper
‘Cause there'll never be peace, so don't rely on it, soldiers dyin' for it, and in the ghetto, they cryin' for it. But fuck peace!

[Final hook: 2Pac]
Will there ever be peace, or are we all just, headed for doom?still consumed by the beast?
And I know there'll never be peace
That's why I keep my pistol when I walk the streets
Fool, there'll never be peace
Will there ever be peace, or are we all just, headed for doom?still consumed by the beast?
And I know there'll never be peace
That's why I keep my pistol when I walk the streets
Nigga, there'll never be peace
Will there ever be peace, or are we all just, headed for doom?still consumed by the beast?
And I know there'll never be peace
That's why I keep my pistol when I walk the streets
Nigga, there'll never be peace
Will there ever be peace?

[Outro: 2Pac]
Will there ever be peace? Shit, fuck peace!
On the strength 'til my niggas get a piece, we can't have peace
How the fuck we gon' live happy when we ain't got nothing?
You motherfuckers are smilin', but I'm mean muggin'
Why? ‘Cause I gotta be thuggin'
It seems drugs done turned this whole mothafuckin' hood out
All us niggas actin' up, wild-ass motherfuckin' adolescents
These niggas ain't even got no childhoods no more
How the fuck can you have a childhood
And you at the funeral every motherfuckin' weekend?
Pssh, and you motherfuckers talkin' about peace?
Nigga, it ain't no motherfuckin' peace
You ain't seen the news motherfucker? You ain't heard? Lil' babies gettin' smoked, motherfuckers killin' they whole family
Lil' kids gettin' thrown off buildings
Motherfuckers gettin' abused
Peace? Nigga, is you out your fuckin' mind?
Fuck peace! We can't never have peace 'til you motherfuckers clean up this mess you made
'Til you fuckin' clean up the dirt you dropped
'Til we get a piece, fuck peace! Westside[Intro: 2Pac]
Whassup, boo?
Swear I'll never call you bitch again
You ain't fuck with me
I swear I'll never call you bitch again
(All I just wanna say is um, if I fuckin' apologized)
I swear I'll never call you bitch again
(I ain't mean to call you a bitch)
I'll never call you bitch again

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Damn – gave my homie 90 days for domestic violence
I try to picture myself in this position but remain silent
I get to thinkin' 'bout this shit we been through
We close like kin, but you remain my friend too
This life of sin done got the both of us in trouble
But you always stay down for a nigga, so that's why I love you
Reminiscin' needin' tissues, fightin' over childish issues
Swear I can't live with you; but without you, every day I miss you
When we roll you hold my pistol, my gangsta bitch-itch, you
Always in the mood for love, that's why I'm sleepin' with you
Though not the man of your dreams
My plan and scheme's to be rich like a king
And live my life trouble free, I see
Yesterday I called you names and played games on your mind
I promise that I'll change in time
It's a complicated world, so girl, just be a friend
I swear I'll never call you bitch again (and that's my word)

[Hook: Tyrese &  (2Pac)]
We came too far to throw it all away
(I swear I'll never call you bitch again, believe me)
We came way too far, pretty baby
To throw it all away, throw it all away
(I swear I'll never call you bitch again, hey)

[Verse 2: 2Pac]
I wake up early in the mornin', at the crack of dawn
Nigga still tired so I'm yawnin', and now I'm gone
Tryin' to get my money on strong, so an early riser
Out before them other guys, that's the way to profit every time
Can't get too close my enemies, they see ghosts, they envy me
Plus we been beefin' with the East Coast, with casualties
Got stopped in traffic, had a warrant, so they gaffled me
But while I'm gone, watch my business and my back for me
My enemies think they got me crossed, they ain't knowin'
Ain't no love for player haters where you cowards goin'
You paid bail, got me out of jail, home again
I promise not to leave you on your own again
Cristal corks are popped, romantic thoughts are dropped
It's so frantic but don't panic, ‘cause we crossed the top
I found a partner and a rider, a woman and friend
I swear I'll never call you bitch again, believe me

[Hook: Tyrese & (2Pac)]
We came too far to throw it all away
(I swear I'll never call you bitch again, believe me)
We came way too far, pretty baby
To throw it all away, throw it all away
(I swear I'll never call you bitch again, believe me)

['Pac speaks over Hook]
I know, I know, all that is dead though
I'm changed, I'm tellin' you
I know what time it is, gotta give a nigga time
To grow up, ya know what I'm sayin'?
That was way back then

[Tyrese Singing]
You're my nigga, my best friend
Never gonna call you a bitch again
Yea yea yea, ohhhhhhhhhh

[Verse 3: 2Pac]
Witness the evil men do, all this shit I been through
Never meant to hurt you — can we make this work, boo?
I know you been feelin' pain, things are not the same
Waitin' to exhale while I'm sittin' in the county jail
Keep your head up, ‘cause things are gettin' better
My cellmate shed tears off your last love letter
Told him you would find a friend, so keep your eyes peeled
Sorry if I cuss, but it's the sufferin' that I feel
Who can I trust? And if I bust, will she snitch?
Even though you ain't the type to trip, sorry if I called you bitch
You showed me the definition of feminine
The difference between a pack of bitches and black women
Huh, I see the boss for the third time, hope to see you soon
Pictures of us kissin' in the livin' room, in the nude
Thanks for bein' there much more than a friend
I swear I'll never call you bitch again — believe me!

[Hook: Tyrese & (2Pac)]
We came too far, to throw it all away
We came way too far, pretty baby
(I swear I'll never call you bitch again, believe me)
We came too far to throw it all away
(I swear I'll never call you bitch again, believe me)
We came way too far, pretty baby
To throw it all away, throw it all away baby

[Ad-libs: Tyrese]
Through all my ups and downs
You always stayed around stayed around[Produced by Johnny "J"]

[Intro]
Never!
[Laughs]
You ain't never had a friend like me!
Believe that!
'Cause you ain't never had a friend like me!

[Verse 1]
See, at night I watch the sky
I take another breath
I smoke my Newport to the butt
Like it's the last motherfucker left
Just me and you evading enemies
Let you get my last shot of Hennessy
Ain't never had a friend like me
Remember memories so vividly
Was once a little dust kicker now becomes a G
Who can I call when they all fail
Collect calls to my dogs from the county jail
Sending me mail
Heard the block's in the same shape
Ain't nothing changed
Niggas slanging at the same place
The same faces
Suppose to always hate our foes
This lifestyle lives forever
Watch the game unfold
Shedding crocodile tears, just got life plus
And you wonder if these white judges like us
Just stay strong, we'll appeal, nigga, you'll be free
Down with ya to the very end
'Cause you ain't never had a friend like me

[Hook]
I'm down for you so ride with me
My enemies your enemies
'Cause you ain't ever had a friend like me
Nobody knows where we'll be
My enemies your enemies
'Cause you ain't never had a friend like me
I'm down for you so ride with me
My enemies your enemies
'Cause you ain't ever had a friend like me
Nobody knows where we'll be
My enemies your enemies
'Cause you ain't never had a friend like me

[Verse 2]
How can I be blamed? Forgive me, Lord, I'm insane
In search of fame, won't hurt to change
Following the foot steps of past dealers
Equipped with Ski masks, no witnesses as we blast squealers
And now they feel us in this act of war
More casualties, no survivors
Any man that defies, quickly dies 'cause we riders
In my quest for chips
We wear vests, equipped with automatic fire
We reply when my enemies trip
Me and you against the nation
Whispering while we conversatin'
'Cause niggas died over information
How much more can we take
Expect us all to wait
The world ain't ready for us yet so let's make Clinton pay
They never wanted us to make it
Everything that we possess
We had to fight and take it
I think the president is smokin' weed, bumpin' this beat
Makin' a livin' out of my misery
'Til he got a friend like me

[Hook]
I'm down for you so ride with me
My enemies your enemies
'Cause you ain't ever had a friend like me
Nobody knows where we'll be
My enemies your enemies
'Cause you ain't never had a friend like me
I'm down for you so ride with me
My enemies your enemies
'Cause you ain't ever had a friend like me
Nobody knows where we'll be
My enemies your enemies
'Cause you ain't never had a friend like me

[Verse 3]
Promise to visit
I know it's rough in your cell
Receiving mail to the county jail
This is hell
When I was younger
I could picture livin'
In luxury
So how the fuck did I end up in prison
Fuckin' snitches
They got me crossed by my own side
I found him by his self
No drama, he alone die, nobody cry
Should have never testified
You got my nigga 25
So now I sacrifice your life
Help to separate me and my dog
Broken ties, why the fuck should I let you live
When I'm dead inside?
Rapid fire my delivery
I'm bustin' at they whole crew
Nigga, remember me
Hit up my Outlawz set
Then throw my pistol in the ocean
Ditch my ski mask
And get to straight coastin'
It's visitin' day at San Quinton
Always there to see your closest roaddog
'Cause you ain't ever had a friend like me

[Hook]
I'm down for you so ride with me
My enemies your enemies
'Cause you ain't ever had a friend like me
Nobody knows where we'll be
My enemies your enemies
'Cause you ain't never had a friend like me
I'm down for you so ride with me
My enemies your enemies
'Cause you ain't ever had a friend like me
Nobody knows where we'll be
My enemies your enemies
'Cause you ain't never had a friend like me
I'm down for you so ride with me
My enemies your enemies
'Cause you ain't ever had a friend like me
Nobody knows where we'll be
My enemies your enemies
'Cause you ain't never had a friend like me
I'm down for you so ride with me
My enemies your enemies
'Cause you ain't ever had a friend like me
Nobody knows where we'll be
My enemies your enemies
'Cause you ain't never had a friend like me

[Small Hook]
Come after us, best be complete
My enemies your enemies
'Cause you ain't ever had a friend like me
Nobody knows where we'll be
My enemies your enemies
'Cause you ain't never had a friend like me
Come after us, best be complete
My enemies your enemies
'Cause you ain't ever had a friend like me
Nobody knows where we'll be
My enemies your enemies
'Cause you ain't never had a friend like me

[Outro]
Right! You ain't ever had a friend like me
'Cause you ain't ever had a friend like me
You ain't ever had a friend like me
'Cause you ain't ever had a friend like me[Intro: 2Pac & Val Young]
One, two
To a nigga nature, haha..
(Oohhh)

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
No need to cry now, go wipe your tears, be a woman
Why you actin' surprised? You saw the bullshit comin'
Fake hair, fake nails, fake eyes too
So why you, bound to fuck wit fake guys too
Ain't nothin' hard about it why you lookin' sad? Shoulda thought about it
Say you learned, I truly doubt it
I guess you got a problem with affection, kinda loose with the love
Gettin' freaky with the thug niggas up in the club
Ask to buy you a drink, you holla Dom Pérignon
Knowin' I'm a cash getter still I remain calm
Let you chill with me; plus you be smilin' 'til the bill miss me
That's what you get for tryin' to dick me
Missed me with that "buy me this, buy me that" syndrome shit
Bitch get a job if you wanna be rich
Gettin' mad cause I cursed and I scream I hate'cha
Introduced you to a nigga nature, feel me?

[Hook: Val Young]
Why cry, knowin' that's the nigga's  nature
Why cry, when he do you that way

[Verse 2: 2Pac]
I'm probably too nice at first, I let you kiss me where it hurts
Me and you gettin' busy, slingin' dick in the dirt
Met you at a pool party it was cool to kick it
See us, tounge-kissin', you was truly with it
Little ecstacy, Hennesey, mix with me
Picture me pay for pussy when the dick's for free
Hey now, where my niggas at? Tell these hoes
Before I pay; I jerk off, word to Moses
Visions of you sittin' there sweaty and wet
Pointin' to the places that you want me to hit
Give me room all up in the womb, call the cops
Nigga, hittin' walls 'til them bastards drop
Label me Makaveli, thug nigga with pipe
Livin' life like a rock star's Friday night
Make money, get pussy, always keep a pager
Cell phone in the ride to complete my nature now!

[Hook: Val Young & 2Pac]
Why cry, knowin' that's the nigga's  nature
(That's a nigga nature)
Why cry, when he do you that way

[Verse 3: 2Pac]
Haha.. started as a seed from the semen; straight outta papa's nuts
Lustin' for creamin' bitches with big butts
Curves make a nigga cry, tits and shit
When I'm locked down beggin' you for porno flicks
Sneak weed in, help a nigga pass the time
Put my name tattoo'd so that ass is mine
Tell everybody; 'Pac put it down for good
A local legend through the whole hood, follow me
I got a gun on me, goin' for none on the run baby
You know a nigga need some, is my son crazy?
Why I cry, when I be thuggin' 'til I die
Picture a nigga in heaven, high off weed I fly
Got me missin' dead homies wishin' phonies would die
Hit the weed and hope it get me high; dear God
Understand my ways, livin' major
Blessed with a thug's heart.. and a real live nigga nature

[Hook: Val Young & 2Pac]
Why cry, knowin' that's the nigga's nature
(Cause that's a nigga nature)
Why cry, when he do you that way
(This be a nigga's nature)
Why cry, knowin' that's the nigga's nature
(It ain't my fault, that's a nigga nature)
Why cry, when he do you that way
(Don't blame me, blame my mama, a nigga nature)
Why cry, knowin' that's the nigga's  nature
Why cry, when he do you that way
Why cry, knowin' that's the nigga's  nature
Why cry, when he do you that wayTell me about these fake ass bitches

[2Pac]
Look here little nigga
Most of these niggas be bitches too
But you'll never hear that side of the story
So uhh, we finna do this shit like this

It's like I tell my niggas, keep your eyes on these bitches
They love to G a nigga young dumb and gettin riches
What the fuck you think a trick is nigga
Nigga done stick and wet his dick
And then get tricked out all his riches by a -- BITCH!
I'm here to school you to the rules of the game, it'll cost ya
Think you alla that just cause she let a nigga toss her
It's like a motherfuckin priveledge
So don't give up your conversation, give that bitch your 7 digits
When she call ya, ask that tramp whassup
And if she hesitate, nigga hang up, worrrd up
And let that bitch meditate to the dial tone
And call me when you're ready to bone, and it's on
A motherfucking mack tonight
Stay that stay strapped cause my raps is tight
You fuckin punks, I hate you snitches
Went against the grain and the game to be fake ass bitches

(God, damn! You can't just hit them niggas with that game
And expect them to accept it; girl your heard me it gets skanless
But we gonna kick this shit like this here)

[Chorus: 2Pac]

I can't stand fake ass bitches
Lyin ass niggas and you punk ass snitches
[repeat 2X]

Time to show these bustas who's boss
Run up on a real motherfucker and get tossed
The game is deep, and thicker than a motherfuckin jimmy
Broke hoes runnin round yellin "Gimme!"
I can't stand it, hoes talkin bout they got a man
Shit all I wanted her to do is suck my DICK
So how about hittin a motherfucker on my pager
Busy now bitch but you can give me the pussy later
Fly how I fade her, played her like a game of Sega
Fuckin with the player that done made her, huh
And I ain't sleepin caught you creepin for my money
Got the dick and now you get the pistol honey (bitch)
So get the bozack, knockin hoes back, keep my dough stacked
So where the motherfuckin hoes at?
Punk niggas can't fade the mack, livin fat
Gettin paid to rap, it's like that, you motherfuckin bitches

Oh you too nigga, don't think we ain't talkin bout your punk ass
You old fake ass nigga
Standin there wearin all them Pendletons and khakis and all that
You soft as a motherfuckin grape
Ain't this a motherfuckin bitch
I can see right through your flower ass
Some of these niggas is bitches too, man I tell ya
It's gonna be harder and harder to be a Thug in ninety-fo'
But we gonna do this shit
Y'all take this shit and you play this shit for every single
Fake ass bitch out there
And there's plenty of em
You probably got one sittin next to you right now
Bobbin his fake ass head to this, dope ass shit that he listenin to
Fake ass motherfuckin bitch, die in ninety-four[Intro]
Hey, DeVante
Nigga, don't you know we're gonna sow up
Every bitch in the country?
Me and you, up in the same motherfuckin' room, on the same level
This shit here, hahahaha
Please, no more pain
That's right, nigga
Hey, drop that shit, boy

[Verse 1]
My adversaries cry like ho's
Fully eradicate my foes
My lyrics explode on contact, gamin' you hoes
Who else but Mama's only son? Fuck the phony niggas, I'm the one
Say my name, watch bitches come
Now fire when ready, stay watchin' our figure
Increase speed, make you motherfuckers bleed from your mouth quicker
Plus all these niggas that you run with be on some dumb shit
Trickin' on hoes, I ain't the one, bitch
Holla my name and witness game official, it's so sick
Have every single bitch that came witchu on my dick
Plus this alcohol increases the chance to be deceased
I'm movin' you stupid bitches, this is telekinesis
Am I reachin' your brain? Nigga, how can I explain?
How vicious this thug motherfucker came
When I die, I want to be a living legend, say my name
Affiliated with this motherfuckin' game, with no more pain

[Chorus]
I came to bring the pain, hardcore to the brain
Let's go inside my astral plane (No more pain)
I came to bring the pain, hardcore to the brain
Let's go inside my astral plane (No more pain)
I came to bring the pain, hardcore to the brain
Let's go inside my astral plane (No more pain)
I came to bring the pain, hardcore to the brain
Let's go inside my astral plane (No more pain)

[Verse 2]
Line up my adversaries, blast on sight
And fuck your boyfriend, bitch, I want some ass tonight
You know my steelo
Alizé and Cristal, weed
Sure you heard of all the freaky shit they say about me, huh?
Plus all you busters is jealous
Pull your gun out and blast
I dare you niggas to open fire
I'll murder that ass
And disappear before the cops come runnin'
My Glock's spittin' rounds, niggas fallin' down, clutchin' they stomach
It's Westside, Death Row, Thug niggas on the rise
Busters shot me five times, real niggas don't die
Can ya hear me? Laced with this game, I know you feel me
Spit the secret to war, so cowards fear me
My only fear of death is reincarnation
Heart of a soldier with a brain to teach your whole nation and feelin' no more pain

[Chorus]
I came to bring the pain, hardcore to the brain
Let's go inside my astral plane (No more pain)
I came to bring the pain, hardcore to the brain
Let's go inside my astral plane (Yeah, nigga, no more pain)
I came to bring the pain, hardcore to the brain
(What? What, nigga?)
Let's go inside my astral plane (No more pain)
I came to bring the pain, hardcore to the brain
Let's go inside my astral plane (No more pain)
I came to bring the pain, hardcore to the brain (No pain, nigga)
Let's go inside my astral plane (No pain)

[Verse 3]
Bury me that's what they all say
It's time to make a killin', sure to make a million with DeVante
Bitch, I know you want me, what your mouth say?
Now, watch your eyes
You don't wanna get with me, that's a lie
I got my hands on your hips
No time to bullshit
Freaky bitch, come give me kiss
Tell them niggas from other areas, brothers from here
So obsessed with this money makin', it ain't nothin' we fear
Now they label me a troublemaker 'cause I'm a rider
Death to you playa haters, don't let me find ya
Mama made me rugged, baptized the public
Now you all thugs, nigga, don't you love it?
It's similar to multiple gunshots, retaliation is a must
Wasn't too sure what you facin' so watch the guns bust
You niggas will bleed, fuckin' with me, you'll be deceased
Never restin' in peace, nigga, with no more pain

[Chorus]
I came to bring the pain, hardcore from the brain
Let's go inside my astral plane
I came to bring the pain, hardcore from the brain
Let's go inside my astral plane

[Outro/Collision]
Hahahahaha, yeah, nigga, yeah! Hahahaha, no more pain
It's just like that, nigga, like that, yeah, no more pain
Motherfuckers can't handle that shit
Much too much for these bitches, no more pain
Feel me, nigga? Feel me?
How you figure you can fuck with me? No more pain
Fully automatic type shit, no more pain
Coward-ass niggas, cowards
Come put your mouth on this pistol, nigga
Come put your mouth on the pistol, no more pain
Close your eyes, nigga, do it
Die in the dark, no more pain
Say Thuuuuuuuug Life, baby
Death Row, so what you motherfuckers do? Hahaha
Hey, that's DeVante droppin' that beat like that, biatch!
In case you wonderin'
And jealous niggas
Hahaha, see y'all niggas, motherfuckin' niggas are shit, hey
Westside! Death to everybody that ain't down with me
That's on, feel me? Hahaha
Oh yeah, to the cowards
You know who I mean, it's still Bad Boy Killa
Just feel that, Thug Life, shit don't stop
Fat motherfuckers got Downs Syndrome, motherfuckers
Weak-ass niggas, dancers turned fuckin' CEOs
Put your mouth on this pistol, nigga
Put your mouth on the pistol!
Hahahaha, yeah, nigga, no more pain
Prison ain't changed me, nigga, it made me worse
Feel me, nigga, hahaha, no more pain
Hey, DeVante, I'm givin' these motherfuckers choices
Niggas can roll with us, or they can be rolled up under us
That's on you, nigga, what you wanna do?
Last year we was lettin' these niggas kick up dust
This year you motherfuckers gon' be dust
Thug Life, nigga, Westside![Intro]
Flavor Unit in tha mothafuckin' house
2Pac ready to set this out
For the niggas that thought I fell off
This especially goes out to my mothafuckin' homie AG


[Verse 1]
Everybody's wondering if I fell just to get a couple cents
While I still be (hot as hell)
Now I'm back to rip this track like I'm dislexic
Niggas stay vextin', hextin' how I sextin'
Now who's next, prepare to hear a text of speak of a nigga that be
Harder than all the heads up in the projects
Why you're starring now, wonderin' how I rip and rock the shit
Pimpin', poppin' shit, 2Pac'll hit you with some hippity hoppity shit
Niggas get a grip or slip and slit yo' shit
I hate you quit for some old shit you ain't equipped to kick
2Pac'll live (?) to take control-
[cut]


[Chorus(?)]
(Go, go, go, go, go!)
(No part of dis!)


[Verse 2/3(?)]
If I had a bigger dick or a dime for every time
Motherfuckers took a bid of a lies filling my rhyme
I'll be richer than a bitch with a trick, who pickpockets
Equiped with the dick that's so thick, it fits sockets
Please don't misinterpret what I say to get dirty
Motherfuckers wanna jerk me (?) wonder
A fucking freestyle frenzy for the-
[cut]2pac is dead[Verse 1]
Straight outta Oakland, California where we spark it on ya
Give a shout out to my partners in the darkest corners
I remember drinkin' Hennessy, smokin' weed
Fantasize about the things we'd grow to be
Had a partner named Snupe, loved to clown a stank
Smoke a pound a day, commenced to down a drank
Shootin' craps in the alley 'til they chased us off
Pour a little for my homies, but don't waste it all
Ooohweee, who popped that coochie best?
On my tattooed chest is where the hoochies rest
Havin' house parties in a crowded spot
And you can tell it's hot, they talk loud a lot
Everybody wanna dance when the slow jam come
Lookin' dumb, cause you waitin' for your chance to hump
Straight grindin', everybody havin' fun
And it's cool, 'til a fool pull a loaded gun
Cause another dude kicked his Bacardi over
He had to act a fool, now the party's over
Gun shots rang like it's thunder
And everybody bum rushin' and I'm rushin' to get a number
Says she got a man but she's lyin'
Why? I seen her talkin' to this other guy and
He's a dealer so you know she gonna sweat him
I ain't trippin', I just hope he get 'em, I got nuttin but love

[Hook: Dave & 2Pac]
Ain't got nuttin but love for ya
I'm down for yours, nuttin but love
Ain't got nuttin but love for ya
I'm down for yours, nuttin but love
Ain't got nuttin but love for ya
I'm down for yours, nuttin but love
Ain't got nuttin but love for ya
I'm down for yours

[Verse 2]
I love to go back, to the block I got my game from
And pay respect to the place that I came from
Cause uh, old man still drinkin', his breath still stinkin'
He'd love to tell ya what he's thinkin'
But I can't diss him he's my elder
He been livin' here longer what that tell ya?
And little girls playin' double dutch
Still blush, cause she don't get in trouble much
It's uhh, ponytails and barrettes
I gotta make it back home, before the sun decides to set
And little boys playin' stick ball, quick y'all
Get out the street before they hit y'all
And as I reminisce, I think about my ghetto bliss
And wonder how we came to this
I help an old lady across the street, the cost is free
I can't take what she offers me
And this is how the world could be
This is how the world should be
Feels good to be back on the streets
Cause I know they got love for me, nuttin but love

[Hook: Dave & 2Pac]
Ain't got nuttin but love for ya
I'm down for yours, nuttin but love
Ain't got nuttin but love for ya
I'm down for yours, nuttin but love
Ain't got nuttin but love for ya
I'm down for yours, nuttin but love
Ain't got nuttin but love for ya
I'm down for yours

[Verse 3]
When I was young I used to want to be a dealer see
Cause the gold and cars they appealed to me
I saw our brothers gettin' rich slangin' crack to folks
And the square's gettin' big for these sack of dope
Started thinkin' bout a plan to get paid myself
So I made myself, raised myself
'Til the dealer on the block told me, "That ain't cool
You ain't meant to slang crack, you a rapper fool"
I got my game about women from a prostitute
And way back used to rap on the block for loot
I tried to make my way legit, haha
But it was hard, cause rhymes don't pay the rent
And uhh, it was funny how I copped out
I couldn't make it in school, so finally I dropped out
My family on welfare
I'm steady thinkin', since don't nobody else care
I'm out here on my own
At least in jail I have a meal and I wouldn't be alone
I'm feelin' like a waste, tears rollin' down my face
Cause my life is filled with hate
Until I looked around me
I saw nuttin but family, straight up down for me
Panthers, Pimps, Pushers and Thugs
Hey yo, that's my family tree, I got nuttin but love

[Hook: Dave & 2Pac]
Ain't got nuttin but love for ya
Yeah, nuttin but love
Ain't got nuttin but love for ya
Yeah, nuttin but love
Ain't got nuttin but love for ya
Uhm, nuttin but love
Ain't got nuttin but love for ya, Yeah!!
Ain't got nuttin but love for ya
Ain't got nuttin but love for ya
Ain't got nuttin but love for ya
Nuttin but love
Ain't got nuttin but love for yam, Yeah!!
Oaktown
Ain't got nuttin but love for ya
Ain't got nuttin but love for ya
Ain't got nuttin but love for yalet's not talk of money
let us forget the world
4 a moment let's just revel
in our eternal comradery
in my Heart I know
there will never be a day
that I don't remember
the times we shared
u were a friend
when I was at my lowest
and being a friend 2 me
was not easy or fashionable
regardless of how popular
I become u remain
my unconditional friend
unconditional in its truest sense
Did u think I would forget
Did u 4 one moment dream
that I would ignore u

if so remember this from here 2 forever
nothing can come between us[Verse 1]
The only way to change me is maybe blow my brains out
Stuck in the middle of the game to get the pain out
Pray to my God everyday, but he don't listen
The poverty bothers me, but mama's working wonders in the kitchen
Listen! I can hear her crying in the bedroom
Praying for money but never think would she be dead soon
Am I wrong for wishing I was somewhere else
I'm thirteen, can't feed myself
Can I blame daddy cause he left me?
Wish he would've hugged me
Too much like him, so my mama don't love me
On my own at a early age, I'm getting paid
And I'm strapped, so I'll never be afraid
Where did I go astray?
I'm hanging in the back streets
Running with G's and dope fiends, will they jack me?
Can't turn back, my eyes on the prize
I got nothing to lose, everybody gotta die
Say good-bye to the bad guy
That one, you fucked, when you passed by
Buck-buck from a Glock let the glass fly
Do or die walk a mile in my shoes
Then you'd be crazy too

[Hook]
With nothing to lose
[The D.O.C] I got raw when I came to Cali
Got nothing to lose
[Ice Cube] That’s why I got gang-related rhymes

Got nothing to lose
[The D.O.C] I got raw when I came to Cali
Got nothing to lose
[Ice Cube] That’s why I got gang-related rhymes
(x3)

[Verse 2]
I thank the Lord for my many blessings
Though I'm stressing keep a vest for protection
From the barrel of a Smith & Wesson
And all my niggas in the pen, here we go again
Ain't nothing separating us from a MAC-10
Born in the ghetto as a hustler, older
Straight soldier, bucking at them bustas
No matter how you try, niggas never die
We just retaliate with hate, then we multiply
See me striking down the block hitting corners
Mobbing like a motherfucker, living like I wanna
Ain't no stopping at the red lights, I'm sideways
THUG LIFE, motherfucker, crime pays
Let the cops put they lights on, chase me, nigga
Zig-zagging through the freeway, race me, nigga
In a high speed chase with the law
The realest motherfucker that you ever saw
I'm living raw, til they bury me, don't worry me, I'm high
Living like I ain't afraid to die
And if you could walk a mile in my shoes
Then you'd be crazy too

[Hook]
With nothing to lose
[The D.O.C] I got raw when I came to Cali
Got nothing to lose
[Ice Cube] That’s why I got gang-related rhymes

Got nothing to lose
[The D.O.C] I got raw when I came to Cali
Got nothing to lose
[Ice Cube] That’s why I got gang-related rhymes
(x3)

[Verse 3]
Ain't no escape from a deadly fate
And every day there's a million black bodies put away
I'm starting to lose hope, it seems everybody's on dope
Mama told me to leave, cause she was broke
Sometimes I choke on the indo, creeping out the window
Alone, on my own, I'm a criminal
Got no love from the household
I'm out cold, on the streets screaming 'Motherfuck peace!'
I got nothing to lose, and something to prove, what do I do?
Live the THUG LIFE, nigga, stay true
I wonder when they kill me, is there a heaven for a real G?
Lord forgive me, if you feel me
Cause all my life I was dirt broke with no hope
Little skinny motherfucker wanting dough
I hated cutting suckers with my razor blade
But everyday it's a struggle to get major paid
Anyway, it's so hard on a nigga in this city, no pity
And ain't no love for the scrubs that be buying dime
If you could walk a mile in my shoes
Then you'd be crazy too

[Hook]

[Outro]
They wonder what type nigga be a THUG LIFE nigga
We be the craziest, motherfucker!
You know!
They wonder what type nigga be a THUG LIFE nigga
We be the craziest![Intro: 2Pac]
Here we go; we gonna send this one out to the old school
All these motherfuckers in the Bronx, and Brooklyn, and Staten Island
Queens, and all the motherfuckers that laid it down, the foundation
Ya know what I'm saying? Nothing but love for the old school
That's who were going do this one for, ya feel me?

[Chorus: Grand Puba]
"What more could I say? I wouldn't be here today
If the old school didn't pave the way"
"What more could I say? I wouldn't be here today
If the old school didn't pave the way"
"What more could I say? I wouldn't be here today
If the old school didn't pave the way"
"What more could I say? I wouldn't be here today
If the old school didn't pave the way"
"What more could I say? I wouldn't be here today
If the old school didn't pave the way"

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
I remember Mr. Magic, Flash, Grandmaster Caz
LL, Raising Hell, but, that didn't last
Eric B. & Rakim was, the shit to me
I flip to see a Doug E. Fresh show, with Ricky D
And Red Alert was puttin in work, with Chuck Chill
Had my homies on the hill getting ill, when shit was real
Went out to steal
Remember Raw, with Daddy Kane?!
When De La Soul was puttin Potholes in the game
I can't explain how it was, Whodini
Had me puffin on that buddha gettin buzzed, 'cause there I was
Them block parties in the projects, and on my block
You diggy don't stop, sippin on that Private Stock
Through my speaker Queen Latifah, and MC Lyte
Listen to Treach, KRS to get me through the night
With T La Rock and Mantronix, to Stetsasonic
Remember "Push It" was the bomb shit, nuttin like the old school

[Chorus: Grand Puba]
"What more could I say? I wouldn't be here today
If the old school didn't pave the way"

[Verse 2: 2Pac]
I had, Shell Toes, and BVD's
A killer crease inside my Lee's when I hit the streets
I'm playing skelly, Ringolevio, or catch a kiss
Before the homies in my hood learned to smack a bitch
I remember. way back, the weak weed they had
Too many seeds in the trey bag
I'm on the train headin uptown, freestyling
With some wild kids from Bucktown, profiling
'Cause the hoochies was starin, thinking "what them niggas wearing?"
I'm wondering if that's her hair, I remember
Stickball, humpin hoochies on the wall
Or taking leaks on the steps, stinking up the hall
Through my childhood, wild as a juvenile
A young nigga tryin to stay away from Rikers Isle
Me and my homies breakin nights, tryin to keep it true
Out on the roof sipping 90 proof, ain't nuttin like the old school

[Chorus: Grand Puba]
"What more could I say? I wouldn't be here today
If the old school didn't pave the way"

[Verse 3: 2Pac]
Remember popping and locking to Kurtis Blow, the name belts
And Scott LaRock the Super Ho back in Latin Quarters
When Slick Rick was spittin La Di Da Di
Gaming the hoochies at the neighborhood block parties
I remember, breakdancing to Melle Mel
Jekyll and Hyde, LL when he Rocks the Bells
Forget the TV, I'd rather hit the streets and do graffiti
Be careful don't let the transit cops see me
It ain't nothing like the old school!

[Chorus: Grand Puba]
"What more could I say? I wouldn't be here today
If the old school didn't pave the way"

[Outro: 2Pac]
Haha, on the real though
Remember seeing Brooklyn go crazy up in the motherfucking party?
Remember motherfuckers used to go, "Is Brooklyn in the house?"
And motherfuckers would lose they God Damn Mind!
That's the old school to me; that's what I'm sayin (Super, Sperm)
I remember goin places that motherfuckers was scared to say
They was from anywhere but Brooklyn; that shit was the bomb
Back in the motherfucking old school nigga
Remember skelly nigga? Knocking niggas out the box, popping boxes?
Remember stickball? Member niggas to run that shit like that?
Remember the block-- 'Member screaming up at your moms from the window?
(LL Cool J is hard as Hell...)
The ice cream truck, remember all the mother--
'Member the Italian Ices, yo? Yo, remember the Italian Ices?!
The Spanish Niggas comin' down with the coconut ices and shit?
I came through the door, said it before
That was the shit![Verse 1: 2Pac]
Sometimes it's hard to wake up in the morning
Mind full of demons, I don't wanna hear 'em anymore
Got me heartbroken, fine, so many babies screaming
‘Cause they seeing destruction before they see a human being
So they start smokin' weed, we'll never get our day
Until we learn to pray, keep our families in shape
‘Cause they all broken, why do ghetto birds die
Before we learn to fly? Somebody else should try
Cockin' guns, smokin', we can all make a change
So I'm told, but I haven't seen a change unfold
I'll keep hoping, please, if you prefer to breathe
Communities in need of people that will lead
Keep your eyes open, I can only say I'll try
Until the day I die, I promise to be wise
With my heart open, greed brings only misery
Away the tragedy, so I stay sucker free
Only a few chosen rise, my ghetto queens rise
Don't be afraid to try, too many of us die
For the door to open wide, my brothers speak wise
Stay focused on the prize, though everybody dies

[Verse 2: Eminem]
We can only learn to take, our anger and our hate
Control our mental states, settle down and set it straight
Maybe we can learn to take a second to pump the brakes
Before we said it, regret it later and let it escalate
‘Cause by then it's just too late, there's so much we can take
And there's only so much someone can swallow and tolerate
To the point that he just breaks, snaps, and it's all it takes
You think that we was learnin' from other rappers' mistakes
But we ain't, its grain to go against
With every artist comes the image he portrays
And the picture that he paints
But in the midst of all this anger and this angst
Never once did you heard me say I'm a gangster
And I ain't hear no complaints
But I know that I will always continue to grow
As long as I lead, and never follow in no one else's shadow
There will never be another me, and that I can guarantee
That's why the fuck I remain sucker free
To this day, the game will never be the same
No matter how much fame and success they attain
There will never be another me
And no matter what they do, there will never be another you
You can search, but you'll never find
You can try to rewind time, but in your hearts and your minds
We will never die, we are forever alive
[2Pac] And we continue growin', one day at a time

[Verse 3: Young Noble]
Don't get caught in the publicity and caught in the hype
Rappers are regular people minus money and lights
Searchin' for fortune and fame and superstardom
All the jewelry, all the cars, whose crew's the hardest
There's not a hip-hop police, the villains is watchin'
And the kids think beef is they only option
Outlawz born filthy, guilty as charged
My memories of Kadaf' while Makaveli lives on
You think the industry is fun, ain't no pity with guns
And when your money is up, that's when your enemies come
So if he died and came back, would he try to save rap?
We needing a change, the drama remains the same

[Verse 4: Hussein Fatal]
I spend my whole life fightin' myself
That I can't win, so I'm invitin' some help
And hey, now then, I take rights and no lefts
I'm still, just like a kid, lookin' for stripes on my belt
Yeah, that there is a fight in itself
So I just pray and hope God, take a light to myself
No matter how much I try, stay alive
I'ma die a man, still standin' and in love with my pride

[Verse 5: E.D.I. Mean]
Heard frivolous beats, we past that
I'm tryin' to keep some income coming in
And collect on my ASCAP
The rappers in the game ain't changed
And I finally realize that we're not in the same game
The hatin' will never end, so I guess I'll deal with it
Them .45's will pop killas, yes, I'm still with it
The streets is military, you gotta be a soldier
Gotta stay leery, and keep your eyes on the rollers
They do what they gotta do to shackle and hold us
So we gotta do what we gotta do to keep rollin'
One way at a time, keep the faith in your mind
[2Pac] And we continue growin', one day at a time, damn('cuz I know I'm son of the survivor -vivor -vivor...)
Get up and wash my ass and damn, she was just another One Night Stand
For big dick daddy, 'case you heard
'cuz she was just another One Night Stand, 'cuz she was just another one
Get up and wash my ass and damn, she was just another One Night Stand
For big dick daddy, 'case you heard
'cuz she was just another One Night Stand. 'cuz she was just another one
Get up and wash my ass and damn, she was just another One Night Stand
For big dick daddy, 'case you heard

Remember when you're all alone, my cellular phone
Was turned off, smokin' burners with my dogs, and it's all good baby
Everyone who steal the flow, all y'all some hoes
Shermed out, let's make some mo' money
I'm kinda hungry, it's all good, haters
I don't wanna rock 'em if they study another Bone role
Will they do the run in when their comin', when I'm rollin' in my home
A son of a bitch, I gotta cough, cough in the summer
Love of thug nigga, from my calico, I felt I was losin' my mind
There was some other kind, really wanna smoke the weed, after you swallow me
And try not to follow me, blind, find me 69
Real lit, smokin', the finest vintage wine, talkin' bout time with me
And you wanna to be something, more than just a dime to me

The bitch can cut me, fuck my homies
Be a dyke and spike my Hennessy
Have babies by one of my enemies (then, then)
Come and pretend she wanna be grinned
They probably, wanna send me to the end of the cliff
Inherit all of my chips and then go spend it with another nigga
Well, in my shit and lickin' my lick, nobody does it better than the Rip
That's the shit, welcome the widow, keeping the pistol grip
Under my pillow, well, when you peep out the window, it's so cold
Get in 'fore the wind blow
No hoes allowed -lowed -lowed. Get in 'fore the wind blow
No hoes allowed, no hoes allowed, no hoes allowed
That bitch can cluck and fuck my homies
Be a dyke and spike my Hennessy
Have babies by one of my enemies, then, then, then
Man the chicks can cut me, fuck my homies
Be a dyke and spike my Hennessy
Have babies by one of my enemies, then, then, then, then, then

I woke up early in the mornin' with my Glock, you're fine, yawnin'
Smellin' like last night's Hen, 'til the crack of dawn we get it on
Then again, nigga reel it down from me, just 'cuz we're T-H-U-Gs
But the money was abundant, start up my family tree
Eager to move, we live and we die in Cleveland
That same week or sell speakers
Bid for insurance, and that ass won't free my people with warrants
Over there, come call us, all this over a hoe
My homeboy has no dough and wants to force it, let me know
What a crazy ass life, play me right, don't play me twice
Damn, I'm a grown man, getting in big fights, It'd be nice to settle down
Yeah right, yeah right, yeah right, yeah right, yeah right, yeah right
Man, a bitch can't cut me
Fuck my homies, homies, homies, homies (I'm still high)
And be a dyke and spike my Hennessey, then, then, then (it's all right.)
Have babies by one of my enemies
Have babies by one of my enemies (I'm still high)
Phone jury, call the police, they can never hold me. (I'm still high)
Eventually, you're gonna remember me[Chorus: Yo-Yo]
Stay showing loving to my hustlers and thugs
And this is for the righteous, only for the righteous
Stay with your man baby this is for the righteous only for the righteous

[Verse 1: Yo-Yo]
Niggas never understand the game, I got it mapped out
I'm like seven eleven, don't crapped out
Never been a mask out, ride to riches
This game is vicious, understand how the rhymes are wicked
Before we kick it, let's get some understandin' boo
You won't be foolin' me cuz I be schoolin' you
Now I'm sittin' here listen to ya chit and all that
How ya Sprewells spin and ya crib is fat
Forget about that, I ain't really trippin' on that
Cuz I done swam with bigger fish, fucked with bigger cats
Yeah I ain't reall on that, don't condone that
I don't own that, I don't really know
That's out the game I just came to have a good time
Shit's changed it's still the same
You niggas know my name
You niggas know my name
Tell 'em Pac

[Chorus: Yo-Yo]
Stay showing loving to my hustlers and thugs
And this is for the righteous, only for the righteous
Stay with your man baby this is for the righteous only for the righteous

[Verse 2: Yo-Yo]
I'm down with strictly jump so that means I'm more than you can handle
Hot, I'm hotter than the wax from a candle
Yeah that's right keeps my microphone companion
Lyrics full of knowledge, truth, and understandin'
Hot beats rappin' is my only recreation
Retire, you must be one some kind of medication
Why, because I never loosen up my mic grip
Drugs, no because I'm livin' on the right tip
Sex, only with my man because I love him
Babies, impossible we always use a rubber
Bored, rarely cuz I keep myself busy
Scratch, nah I leave the cuttin' up to dizzy
Dizzy, yeah that's my DJ he's the greatest
Word, nah he just payin' me to say this
The most cultivatin' treasure
Thanks, your welcome, signed to it's my pleasure

[Chorus: Yo-Yo]
Stay showing loving to my hustlers and thugs
And this is for the righteous, only for the righteous
Stay with your man baby this is for the righteous only for the righteous

[Verse 3: Yo-Yo]
You know when I first met 2Pac
We were both on the road, both new on the road
I was with Ice Cube, he was with Digital Underground
The first time I met a young brother who had so much power then
You know, we were on the road for a long time together
I had the opportunity to dream with 2Pac
Before his dreams became a reality
He used to always talk about music, you know
And I'm just so happy, so thankful to be a part of this project
It touches my heart to be able to give something back

[Chorus: Yo-Yo]
Stay showing loving to my hustlers and thugs
And this is for the righteous, only for the righteous
Stay with your man baby this is for the righteous only for the righteous
Stay showing loving to my hustlers and thugs
And this is for the righteous, only for the righteous
Stay with your man baby this is for the righteous only for the righteous[Intro]
Pssst... psssssst... ayo
Are you afraid to die, or do you wanna live forever?
Tell me, which one?

[Verse]
They wanna bury me, I'm worried, I'm losin' my mind
Look down the barrel of my 9, and my vision's blurry
Fallin' to pieces, am I guilty? I pray to the Lord
But he ignores me, unfortunately, ‘cause I'm guilty
Show me a miracle, I'm hopeless
I'm chokin' off marijuana smoke
With every toke it's like I'm losin' focus
Fallin' asleep while I'm in service, when will I die?
Forever paranoid and nervous, because I'm high
Don't mention funerals, I'm stressin' and goin' nutty
And reminiscin' 'bout them niggas that murdered my buddy
I wonder: When will I be happy? Ain't nothin' funny
Flashbacks of bustin' caps, anything for money
Where am I goin'? I discovered, can't nothin' save me
My next door neighbor's havin' convo with undercovers
Put a surprise in the mailbox, hope she get it
Happy birthday, bitch, you know you shouldn't have did it
Everybody's dyin', am I next? Who can I trust?
Will they be G's, and they look at me before they bust?
Or will they kill me while I'm sleepin'?
Two to the head while I'm in bed
Leakin' blood on my satin sheets
Is there a heaven for a baller?
I'm gettin' suspicious of this bitch
The line's busy every time I call her
Now she's tellin' me to visit, who else is home?
I check the house before I bone, so we all alone
After I nut I hit the highway, see ya later!
To all the players, watch the fly way a nigga played her
This bitch is tellin' all her homies
That I can fuck her like no other
Now them other bitches wanna bone me
I'm under pressure, gettin' drunk, somebody help me
I drank a fifth of Hennessy, I don't think it's healthy
I see my enemies, they creepin', don't make me blast
I watch the 5-0's roll, the motherfuckers pass
By me like they know me, smilin' as they laugh
I put up my middle finger, then I dash
Niggas don't like me, ‘cause I'm thuggin'
And every day I'm a hustler lookin' to get paid

[Verse 2]
They wanna bury me, I'm worried—no need to lie
I pray to God I don't scream when it's time to fry
Nowhere to rest, I'm losin' homies—ain't that a bitch?
When I was rich I had clout, now a nigga's lonely
I put the pistol to my head, and say a prayer
I see visions of me dead, Lord, are you there?
Then tell me, am I lost? ‘Cause I'm lonely
I thought I had friends, but in the end a nigga dies lonely
Nowhere to run, I'm in terror, and no one cares
A closed casket at my funeral and no one's there
Is there a future for a killer? I change my ways
But still that don't promise me the next day
So I stay thuggin' with a passion, forever blastin'
I'm bustin' on these motherfuckers in my madness
They wonder if I'm hellbound
Well, Hell can't be worse than this, ‘cause I'm in Hell now
Don't make me hurt you, I don't want to, but I will
Seen motherfuckers killed over phone bills
Never will I die, I'll be back
Reincarnated as a motherfuckin' MAC
-11, ‘cause in Heaven there's no shortage on G's
I'm tellin' you now: ''You motherfuckers don't know me''

[Chorus]
Only fear of death... you ghetto niggas
Only fear of death is comin' back reincarnated
Only fear of death... you ghetto niggas
Only fear of death is comin' back reincarnated
(I ain't scared to die)
Only fear of death... you ghetto niggas
Only fear of death is comin' back reincarnated
Only fear of death... you ghetto niggas
(I ain't scared to die)
Only fear of death is comin' back reincarnated
Only fear of death... you ghetto niggas
Only fear of death is comin' back reincarnated
Only fear of death... you ghetto niggas
(Only fear of death)
Only fear of death is comin' back reincarnated
Only fear of death... you ghetto niggas
You ghetto niggas...
You ghetto niggas...
You ghetto niggas...
You ghetto niggas...
You ghetto niggas...

[Outro]
I ain't scared to die
(You ghetto niggas...)
Do you wanna live forever?
(You ghetto niggas...)
Are you scared to die?
Or will you scream when you fry?
I don't fear death
My only fear of death is coming back, reincarnated
This is dedicated to Mental, R.I.P
And Big Kato, R.I.P.
And all you other O.G.'s who go down; I don't fear death[Intro: 2Pac]
Only God can judge me (that right?)
Only God can judge me now
Nobody else (nobody else)
All you other motherfuckers get out my business (really)
Only God can judge me now

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Perhaps I was blind to the facts, stabbed in the back
I couldn't trust my own homies, just a bunch of dirty rats
Will I succeed? Paranoid from the weed
And hocus pocus, I try to focus, but I can't see
And in my mind I'm a blind man doin' time
Look to my future, ‘cause my past is all behind me
Is it a crime to fight for what is mine?
Everybody's dyin', tell me what's the use of tryin'
I've been trapped since birth, cautious ‘cause I'm cursed
And fantasies of my family in a hearse
And they say it's the White man I should fear
But it's my own kind doin' all the killin' here
I can't lie, ain't no love for the other side
Jealousy inside, make 'em wish I died
Oh my Lord, tell me what I'm livin' for
Everybody's droppin', got me knockin' on Heaven's door
And all my memories of seein' brothers bleed
And everybody grieves, but still nobody sees
Recollect your thoughts, don't get caught up in the mix
‘Cause the media is full of dirty tricks

[Chorus: 2Pac]
Only God can judge me
Only God can judge me, only God
Only God can judge me
Only God can judge me
Only God can judge me, only God
Only God can judge me now
Only God can judge me, only God
Only God can judge me
Only God can judge me, only God
Only God can judge me

[Flatline]

[Verse 2: 2Pac]
I hear the doctor standin' over me, screamin' I can make it
Got a body full of bullet holes, layin' here naked
Still I can't breathe, something's evil in my IV
‘Cause everytime I breathe I think they killin' me
I'm havin' nightmares, homicidal fantasies
I wake up stranglin', tangled in my bed sheets
I call the nurse ‘cause it hurts to reminisce
How did it come to this? I wish they didn't miss
Somebody help me, tell me where to go from here
‘Cause even thugs cry, but do the Lord care?
Try to remember but it hurts
I'm walkin' through the cemetery, talkin' to the dirt
I'd rather die like a man than live like a coward
There's a ghetto up in Heaven and it's ours
"Black Power!" is what we scream
As we dream in a paranoid state
And our fate is a lifetime of hate
Dear Mama, can you save me? And fuck peace
‘Cause the streets got our babies, we gotta eat
No more hesitation, each and every black male's trapped
And they wonder why we suicidal running 'round strapped
Mr. Police, please try to see
That there's a million motherfuckers stressin' just like me

[Chorus: 2Pac]
Only God can judge me
Only God can judge me, only God
Only God can judge me
Only God can judge me
Only God can judge me, only God
Only God can judge me now
Only God can judge me, only God
Only God can judge me
Only God can judge me, only God
Only God can judge me

[Interlude: 2Pac]
That which does not kill me can only make me stronger
That's for real
And I don't see why everybody feel as though
That they gotta tell me how to live my life
You know?
Let me live, baby, let me live

[Verse 3: Rappin' 4-Tay]
Pac, I feel ya, keep servin' it on the reala
For instance, say a playa-hatin' mark is out to kill ya
Would you be wrong for buckin' a nigga to the pavement?
He gon' get me first, if I don't get him fool start prayin'
Ain't no such thing as self-defense in the court of law
So judge us when we get to where we're goin wearin' a cross
That's real, got him, lurked him, crept the fuck up on him
Sold a half a million tapes, now everybody want him
After talkin' behind my back like a bitch would
Tellin' them niggas, "You can fade him"
Punk, I wish you would
It be them same motherfuckers in your face
That'll rush up in your place to get your safe
Knowin' you on that paper chase
Grass, glass, big screen and leather couch
My new shit is so fetti, already sold a ki or ounce
Bitch, remember 2Pac and 4-Tay
The same two brothers dodgin' bullets, representin' the Bay
Pac, when you was locked down, that's when "I'll Be Around"
Start climbin' up the charts, so sick, but they tried to clown
That's why they ride the bandwagon
Still be draggin', sellin' lies
Don't think I don't see you haters, I know y'all in disguise

[Verse 4: 2Pac]
Guess you figure you know me, ‘cause I'm a thug
That love to hit the late night clubs drink them buds
Been livin' lavish like a player all day
Now I'm bout to floss 'em off, player shit with 4-Tay

[Chorus: 2Pac]
Only God can judge me
Only God can judge me, only God
Only God can judge me
Only God can judge me
Only God can judge me, only God
Only God can judge me now
Only God can judge me, only God
Only God can judge me
Only God can judge me, only God
Only God can judge me

[Outro: 2Pac & Rappin 4-Tay]
Only God man
That right?
That’s real
Hahahahahaha
Fuck everybody else, you know what I’m sayin'?
Man, look here, man
My only fear of death
Is comin' back to this bitch reincarnated, man
That’s for the homie mental
Hehehehe
We up outAlright now, here we go

[Verse 1]
Tell me, how many real motherfuckers feel me?
I smoke a blunt and freak the funk until these jealous motherfuckers kill me
I'm out the gutter, pick a hero
I'm 165 and stayin' high 'til I die, my competition's zero
'Cause I could give a fuck about you, you better duck
Go or I'll be forced to hit yo' ass up, I give a fuck
I'm sick inside my mind, why they sweat me?
It's gonna take an army full of crooked ass cops to come and get me
Niggas know I ain't the one to sleep on, I'm under pressure
Gotta sleep with my piece, an extra clip beside my dresser
Word to God I've been ready to die since I was born
I don't want no shit but niggas trip and, yo, it's on
Open fire on my adversaries, don't even worry
Better have on a vest aim for the chest and then you buried
It's a man's world, niggas get played, another stray
Hope I live to see another day, hey!
I'm gettin' sweated by these undercovers
Who can I trust, got my mama stressin', thinkin' it's a drug bust
Gotta get paid but all the drama that's attached
We livin' a drug life, THUG LIFE, each day could be my last
Will I blast when it's time to shoot? Don't even ask
That's the consequences when ya livin' fast
Six bricks of tricks, for my niggas, I gotta come up
And recoup, you keep the dope just bring me six figures
Is it a bust? I hear the sirens, run for cover
Over the fence and open fire

Alright now, here we go

[Verse 2]
These motherfuckers on my ass I'm in traffic, will it be tragic?
I'm comin' round the corner like I'm Magic
Doin' ninety on the freeway, and hittin' switches
In a high speed chase with these punk bitches
Don't turn around I ain't givin' up, cause they don't worry me
Pussy ass bitches better bury me
Runnin' outta gas time to park it, I'm on foot
We in the hood, how the fuck they gon' catch a crook? haha
I got away cause I'm clever
Went to my neighbors for a favor now you know players stick together
I watch the scene from the rooftop, spittin' loogies
At the coppers that pursue me, beotch!
I be a hustler 'til it's over, motherfucker
Open fire on you bustas

Alright now, here we go

[Verse 3]
Don't try to follow me, I'm headed outta state
I gotta pay my fuckin' bills, so I'm transportin' weight
Change my plates, pick up my nigga, and now we rollin'
Droppin' keys like they stolen, hehe
Tell me who do you fear? I'm outta town until the coast is clear
Enough dope to last a year
They got me runnin' from the police, nowhere to go
With the lights out, rollin' down a dirt road
But I ain't goin' alive, I'd rather die than be a convict
I'd rather fire on my target
I hit the corner doin' ninety, ahhhh shit!
Them bitches right behind me
They take a shot and hit my fuckin' tires
Now, jump out the car then I open fire, sucka!

Hahahaha, Thug Life, bitch! goin' out like that[Intro: 2Pac & RahRah]
That's right nigga you gotta get your papers in this motherfucker
I ain't mad at ya at all (damn)
Aiyyo, what the fuck you wanna be when you grow up RahRah?
Nigga, is you stupid, I wanna be a motherfuckin' Outlaw
That's right nigga, hahaha.. housin' these hoes, you feel me?
Aight, you know what I'm sayin'?
You got to do that shit, keepin' it real nigga or what?
Keepin' it real!
How old are you nigga?
I'm eleven

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Cause all I see is, murder murder, my mind state
Preoccupied with homicide, tryna survive through this crime rate
Dead bodies at block parties, those unlucky bastards
Gunfire now they require many closed caskets
Who can you blame? It's insane what we been through
Witnessin' evil that these men do, bitches sin too
In fact they be the reasons niggas get to bleedin'
Pull 'n' fuckin' fire when I leave 'em, you shoulda seen 'em
Hostile hoes catch elbows (beotch!) negroes disposed of
And snitches get dealt with, with no love
Body bags of adversaries that I had to bury
I broke the law and they jaw, all in the same flurry
But never worry, they'll remember me through history
Causin' motherfuckers to bleed, they'll label me a

[Hook]
Outlaw, Outlaw, Outlaw (They came in to sin)
Outlaw, Outlaw, Outlaw (Dear God, I wonder could you save me?)

[Verse 2: 2Pac]
Before I close my eyes I fantasize I'm livin' well
When I awake and realize I'm just a prisoner in hell
Just as well, cause in my cell I'm keepin' pictures of these bastards
Exercisin', visualizin', everyone inside a casket
Picture me blasted, surrounded by niggas in masks
Sent with the task to harass and murder my ass
Will I last? Heaven or Hell? Freedom or jail?
Shit's hard, who can you tell? And if we fail?
High speeds, and Thai weed on the freeway
When will they learn to take it easy? Uh
Drive-by's and niggas die, murder without a motive
By makin' motherfuckers fry
Got me runnin' from these coward-ass crooked-ass cops
Helicopters tryna hover over niggas 'til we drop
Got no time for the court, my only thought is open fire
Hit the district attorney, but fuck that bitch, cause she's a liar
Now it's time to expire, I see the judge, spray the bitch
"Motherfuckers is crooked," is what I scream, and hit the fence
I commence to get wicked, spittin' rounds as the plot thickens
Never missin', an early grave is my only mission
If I die, never worry, bury me beside my four-five
May God forgive me, I was high, label me a

[Hook]
Outlaw, Outlaw, Outlaw (They came in to sin)
Outlaw, Outlaw, Outlaw (Dear God, I wonder could you save me?)

[Verse 3: Dramacydal]
[Kadafi]
Society lied to me, I ain't never gonna try to be
My mob'll be doin' robberies, and stickups on these wannabe's
I witnessed niggas lose they chest
For ordinary reasons niggas bodies put to rest

[Kastro]
So I just ... swallow my Beck's and holla, "Fuck 'em!"
And if I'm next ... just let a nigga step with somethin'
I ain't fearin' nuttin'

[EDI Amin(Kastro)]
Young and thuggin', prepared for bustin' if that's my destiny
Ready for whatever, see you niggas can't get the best of me
(hold me down) Definitely no need for askin'
(now he mashin') Top speed (smokin' weed) laughin' (biotch!)

[Napoleon]
Cause when I bust 'em they gonna shiver, the killers cry
Soldiers got bodies floatin' in the river, what is they sayin'?
Talkin' 'bout prayin'

[Kadafi]
They need to stop, that ain't gon' help
These niggas sprayin' up my block

[Napolean]
Tryin' to take my wealth

[Hook]
Outlaw, Outlaw, Outlaw (They came in to sin)
Outlaw, Outlaw, Outlaw (Dear God, I wonder could you save me?)
Outlaw, Outlaw, Outlaw (They came in to sin)
Outlaw, Outlaw, Outlaw (Dear God, I wonder could you save me?)

[Outro: 2Pac]
Fuck the judge, I gotta grudge
Punk police, niggas run the streets
Hahah, it ain't nuttin' but muuuusic
Shit's changed
1995 the game has changed, motherfuckers is actin REAL strange
The rules is all rearranged
You got babies lyin' dead in the streets
These punk police is crooked as me
But all I see is motherfuckers actin less than G's
Stop bein' a playa-hater, be a innovator nigga
Fuck that shit, don't be no entertainer and a stranger
Be a real motherfucker keep it real pack that steel
Cause you know these streets is real ill
Muh'fuckers wanna see me in my casket
Jealous, motherfuckin' bastards
I never die, thug niggas multiply
Cause after me is Thug Life baby
Then the young thugs
Then the youngest thug of all, my nigga RahRah!He'll 4 a hustle[Intro]
Oh I posted bail? I'm out this motherfucker? I can go?!
Aw, fuck y'all! Ay fuck the judge!
Fuck the motherfuckin' district attorney, the prosecutor
And fuck you motherfuckers in the jury box, fuck all y'all!
Cause I'm out on motherfuckin' bail
Y'all ain't never gon' see me in this motherfucker again!
Drop that shit L G
Let these ol' punk-ass bitches know how we runnin' this shit for the '94
Niggas ain't goin' back to court, you stank ass bitches

[Verse 1]
I'm stuck in jail, the D.A.'s tryin' to burn me
I'd be out on bail, if I had a good attorney
Want to label me a criminal and cuff me up
Got a pocket full of money so they rough me up - I ain't trippin'
In the county and I'm mad as fuck
Got a record so they put me with the baddest bunch
Everybody wanna talk cause I'm rappin', they askin' me what happened
Is it true you did a flick with Janet Jackson?
I can't sleep! they takin' Polaroids
And I'm tryin' to use the phone, but they makin' noise
Man I wish I had my Glock, cause it's major
I'm makin' shanks out the plastic in razors
These motherfuckers won't leave me alone, that's my word
'Bout to turn a violation to a motherfuckin' murder
I'm makin' co-llect calls to my ol' bitches
Send mo' pictures, and make me some mo' riches
To all the suckers on the block, talkin' shit while I was locked up
Be prepared to get socked up
Cause the game is deep, and the fame is brief
And you bullshit bitches ain't changin' me
I came straight up out the gutter, I was saved from hell
And I'm a thug, I was raised in jail, now I'm out on bail

[Hook]
(Out on bail) You know what fuckin' time it is
I'm out on bail (thug life nigga) 50,000 BEYOTCH! I'm out on bail
(Out on bail) Hand me some motherfuckin' cold 40's in this bitch nigga
Cause I'm out on bail (thug life nigga)
Ay pass me my motherfuckin' Rolex
Yes bitch, that's a Presidential

[Verse 2]
I'm stuck in jail, and mad as a bitch
I'd be out on bail, if it wasn't for the snitch
Runnin' wild through the streets like I'm loco
And fuck the punk police and they chokeholds
I got no love in my heart cause I'm heartless
Mobbin' in the park after dark when I start shit
Rippin' up the scene as a teen I was at it, hey
And sellin' product to the addicts cause they gotta have it
I was a well-known thug and I got a lot of love
Hangin' out with the O.G.'s, shootin' up the clubs
And momma told me, don't hang with the homies
But they got me if they need me, then it's on g
Got me sittin' in a cell, a five by seven
Will I finally get to go to ghetto heaven?
Got my bitches on the outside, writin' me letters
And they tell me they love me, and the shit'll get better
I don't believe 'em cause I just got the news on the wire
Take it how you want it but your picture's on fire
I gotta be a player so I stay strong
Cause I know that I won't be away long
And when I finally do hit the fuckin' streets, I'ma handle this
A thug nigga gettin' scandalous, I'm on bail

[Hook]
(Out on bail) You know what fuckin' time it is
I'm out on bail (thug life nigga) 50,000 BEYOTCH! I'm out on bail
(Out on bail) Hand me some motherfuckin' cold 40's in this bitch nigga
Cause I'm out on bail (thug life nigga)
Ay pass me my motherfuckin' Rolex
Yes bitch, that's a Presidential

[Outro]
Motherfuckers tryin', to harass a player
Man I ain't goin' for this ol' crazy ol' shit
Dealin' with you scandalous bitches
Y'all need to pop some of these crooked ass motherfuckin' judges
But here go the motherfuckin' fetti, I'm out on bail
I'll see you motherfuckers at the next show
By the way, where is my bitch?
You know, that's that ol' real thug shit
Real live thug shit, genuine
Y'knahmsayin? I wouldn't waste yo' motherfuckin' time with no bullshit baby
Trust me, it's that real shit
Talkin' 'bout that shit you can be tellin' your grandkids about y'know?
I ran with a thug nigga, believe that
This is for my fuckin' nigga 'em and the motherfuckin' boys
In case you wonderin', we doin' this shit, hell motherfuckin' yeah
An ounce of that shit, sittin' in yo' motherfuckin' lap
Now press rewind nigga[Intro: L.T. Hutton]
Uh oh, uh oh, oh! Oh! Oh!
They ain't ready for this
L.T. Hutton, T.I., Ashanti
It's that new 'Pac, y'all

[Chorus: Ashanti + (2Pac)]
Pac's life (Everybody needs to chill)
Everybody talkin' 'bout Pac's life
(It's 2Pac the king)
What do you know about Pac's life?
What do you know? What do you know?
(Only real niggas stay on top)
Everybody talkin' 'bout Pac's life (Outlawz)

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Started with five shots, niggas plottin' to kill him
Never figured that that same nigga sell five million
Hit the charts like a madman, nothin' but hits
Court cases got a nigga facin' multiple digits
Dodgin' cop cars, look at how we come so far
Picture a high school drop-out roll in a double R
House full of happiness, weed and drank
Way out, so when trouble tried to find me – can't
Never visioned livin' longer than my twenty first
Thought I'd be locked down, cracked out, or in the dirt
And though it hurts to see the change, it comes with the fame
Watch them gossip in this silly game
To all the motherfuckers speakin' down on me, this is the night
Why's everybody caught up in Pac's life?
To all y'all niggas conversatin' on my life
Mind your motherfuckin' business!

[Chorus: Ashanti + (2Pac) & T.I.]
Pac's life (Everybody needs to chill)
Everybody talkin' 'bout Pac's life
What do you know about Pac's life?
What do you know? What do you know?
(Only real niggas stay on top)
Everybody talkin' 'bout Pac's life (Outlawz)
I remember that, ayy

[Verse 2: T.I]
What's happenin', Pac? Yeah, I know we never got to meet
But we know all the same people so we got to speak
You taught me first: fake niggas can't stop a G
And all the shit you went through meant a lot to me
But when they locked you up for nothin', it was a shame to see
You know the crackers came, they did the same thang to me
I get along with real niggas, it's the lane to be
Talkin' loud out of pocket tryna bang with me
And so I pull it out my pocket, let it rain, you see
Now they all in the courtroom, blamin' me
See, we ain't live the same life but represent the same struggle
Power to the real niggas, death to the suckers
Money over bitches, get to know 'em for you love 'em
Death before dishonour, never talk to undercovers
Live by the same rules, so minus the tattoos
We the same sort of dude with the same short fuse

[Chorus: Ashanti + (2Pac)]
Pac's life (Everybody needs to chill)
Everybody talkin' 'bout Pac's life
What do you know about Pac's life?
What do you know? What do you know?
(Only real niggas stay on top)
Everybody talkin' 'bout Pac's life

[Verse 3: 2Pac]
I want money in large amounts
My garage full of cars that bounce
Movin' my tapes in major weight 'cause every dollar counts
Busters is jealous and half these niggas is punks
They runnin' off at the mouth 'til I fill it up with my pump
They jump, my automatic keep 'em weary
While you frontin' like you Billy Badass, nigga, you scary
I been knowin' you for years, we was high school peers
In Junior High I was itchin' to kill, and you was ready to die
While you bullshittin' niggas was dyin' and catchin' cases
Bustin' my automatics at motherfuckers in foreign places
Leavin' no trace, they see my face and they buried
Bitches die in a hurry, still I ride, I'm never worried
Mr. Makaveli tell me to ride, and I'ma ride
Pick my enemies out the crowd, and motherfuckers die
It's not the way I wanna live, my nigga, it's how it is
Only real niggas stay on top, word up!

[Chorus: Ashanti + (2Pac)]
Pac's life (Everybody needs to chill)
Everybody talkin' 'bout Pac's life
(Why y'all niggas all up in my shit?)
What do you know about Pac's life?
(Tell them motherfuckers!)
What do you know? What do you know?
Everybody talkin' 'bout Pac's life
(Outlawz, fuck all y'all!)[Statements variously said throughout song]

[Statements: 2pac (Dan Quayle)]
I was raised in this society so there's no way
You can expect me to be a perfect person cuz I'm a do what I'm a do
I am still thirsty
(There is absolutly no reason for a record like this to be published
It has no place in our society.)
They gotta understand me
(Withdraw on this record.)
That's how I feel I'm a do whatever I like. I am not a role model[Intro: Sample from Star Trek V: The Final Frontier]
I couldn't help but notice your pain
My pain?
It runs deep – share it with me!

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
They'll never take me alive, I'm gettin' high with my four-five
Cocked on these suckas, time to die
Even as a youngster causin' ruckus on the back of the bus
I was a fool all through high school, kickin' up dust
But now I'm labeled as a troublemaker – who can you blame?
Smokin' weed helped me take away the pain
So I'm hopeless, rollin' down the freeway swervin', don't worry
I'm 'bout to crash up on the curb ‘cause my vision's blurry
Maybe if they tried to understand me – what should I do?
I had to feed my fuckin' family – what else could I do
But be a thug? Out slangin' with the homies
Fuck hangin' with them phonies in the clubs!
Got my mind on danger, never been a stranger to homicide
My city's full of gang-bangers and drive-by's
Why do we die at an early age?
He was so young, but still a victim of the 12 gauge
My memories of a corpse, mind full of sick thoughts
And I ain't goin' back to court, so fuck what you thought!
I'm drinkin' Hennessy, runnin' from my enemies
Will I live to be 23? There's so much pain

[Hook]
Ohhhh…
Tired of the strain and the pain
Ohhhh…
Tired of the strain and the pain

[Verse 2: Stretch]
Years and years of that rough life
Runnin' crazed and wild as a kid and growin' tough with a knife
And livin' trifed on the regular, buckin' out competitors
See 'em fake a move and chase 'em down like the fuckin' Predator
Get in trouble every day in school, act a fool
And you know I had to break every rule
Showin' off for the bitches ‘cause I had the mad rep
So I had to watch my back when it was time to step
But my grimies is the grimiest with love for me
Pop, pop, pop, and send a chuckle up above for me
Ayo, currency kept passin' me by, but I didn't cry, broke
Got hit off with the pack and started sellin' coke
And now the money's lookin' lovely
Pop the drop top and now the bitches wanna rub me
Kick 'em the game, it's all the same
I kick it back yo, give 'em slack yo
And now they label me the mack yo, people check it
Get disrespected if you front on the Birdman, you heard, man
Catch a couple shots from the Glock in my hand
Damn! At least I'm realistic with my biscuit
You know you get yo' ass twisted, so run for cover
Me and my man got a plan, kickin' major dust
So if you owe, nigga, look for the gauge to bust
A lot of pressure with the street fame, it's a deep game
And my mama always cryin' yo, there's so much pain

[Hook]
Ohhhh…
So tired, so tired...
Ohhhh…
So...so...

[Verse 3: 2Pac]
They got me mobbin' like I'm loc'ed, and ready to get my slug on
I load my clip and slip my motherfuckin' gloves on
I ain't scared to blast on these suckas if they test me
Trust – I got my Glock cocked, playa, if they press me
Bust – on motherfuckers with a passion
Better duck, ‘cause I ain't lookin' when I'm blastin'
I'm a nut and drinkin' Hennessy, and gettin' high
On the lookout for my enemies, don't wanna die, tell me why
‘Cause this stress is gettin' major
A buck 50 across the face with my razor
What can I do but be a thug until I'm dead and gone?
I keep my brain on the game and stay head strong
These sorry bastards wanna kill me in my sleep
I'm real, they cannot see
And every day is just a struggle, steady thuggin' on the streets
And I'll be ballin', loc, don't let 'em make you worry
Keep swingin' at these suckas 'til you buried
I was born to raise hell, a nigga from the gutta
Word to mother, I'm touched
Out kickin' dust up, ready to bust
I'm on the scene, steady muggin' mean, until they kill me
I'll be livin' this life, I know you feel me; there's so much pain

[Outro]
Ohhh…
Tired of the strain and the pain
Ohhh…
Tired of the strain and the pain
Ohhh…
Tired of the strain and the pain
Ohhh…
Tired of the strain and the pain
Ohhhhhh…[Verse 1] As real as it seems the American Dream/
Ain't nothing but another calculated scheme/
To get us locked up shot up back in chains/
To deny us of the future rob our names/
Kept my history a mystery but now I see/
The American Dream wasn't meant for me/
Cause lady liberty is a hypocrite she lied to me/
Promised me freedom, education, equality/
Never gave me nothing but slavery/
And now look at how dangerous you made me/
Calling me a mad man cause I'm strong and bold/
With this dump full of knowledge of the lies you told/
Promise me emancipation in this new nation/
All you ever gave my people was starvation/
Fathers of this country never cared for me/
They kept my ancestors shackled up in slavery/
And Uncle Sam never did a damn thing for me/
Except lie about the facts in my history/
So now I'm sitting hear mad cause I'm unemployed/
But the government's glad cause they enjoyed/
When my people are down so they can screw us around/
Time to change the government now panther power//

[Chorus]

[Verse 2] Coming straight that resides within/
Go toe to toe with a panther and you just can't win/
Self proclaimed best suppressed the rest/
The rich get richer and the poor take less/
The American Dream was an American nightmare/
You kept my people down and refuse to fight fair/
The Ku Klux Klan tried to keep us out/
Besides drew they know no blacks allowed/
With intimidation and segregation was a way for our freedom/
But now we’re impatient/
Blacks the other skin: dead or sell outs/
Freedom, equality, then I'll yell out/
"Don't you ever be ashamed of what you are/
It's ya panther power that makes you a star”/
Panther power//

[Chorus]

[Verse 3] My Mother never let me forget my history/
Hoping I was set free chains never put on me/
Wanted to be more than just free/
Had to know the true facts about my history/
I couldn't settle for being a statistic/
Couldn't survive in this capitalistic/
Government cause it was meant to hold us back/
Using ignorance, drugs, and sneak attack/
In my community think of a unity/
But when I charged them, tried to claim immunity/
I strike America like a case of heart disease/
Panther power is running through my arteries/
Try to stop me oh boy you'll be clawed to death/
Cause I'll be fighting for my freedom with my dying breath/
Do you remember that is what I'm asking you?/
You think you're living free don't make me laugh at you/
Open your eyes realize you've been locked in chains/
Said you wasn't civilized and stole your name/
Cause some time has passed seem to all forget/
There is no liberty for you and me we ain't free yet/
Panther power//[Intro: 2Pac]
Daddy's home...

Heh, so??
You say that like that means somethin to me
You've been gone a mighty long motherfuckin time
For you to be comin home talkin that "daddy's home" shit (nigga)
We been gettin along fine just without you
Me, my brother, and my mother
So if you don't mind, you can step the FUCK off, POPS.. FUCK YOU!

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Had to play catch by myself, what a sorry sight
A pitiful plight, so I pray for a starry night
Please send me a pops before puberty
The things I wouldn't do to see a piece of family unity
Moms always work, I barely see her
I'm startin to get worried without a pops I'll grow to be her
It's a wonder they don't understand kids today
So when I pray, I pray I'll never grow to be that way
And I hope that he answers me
I heard God don't like ugly well take a look at my family
A different father every weekend
Before we get to meet him they break up before the week ends
I'm gettin sick of all the friendships
As soon as we kick it he done split and the whole shit ends quick
How can I be a man if there's no role model?
Strivin to save my soul I stay cold drinkin a forty bottle
I'm so sorry...

[Hook]
I'm so sorry
For all this time (I'm so sorry)
For all this time
For all this time (don't lie)
I'm so sorry
For all this time (so, sorry)
For all this time
For all this time, so sorry baby!

[Verse 2: Wycked & 2Pac]
Moms had to entertain many men;
Didn't wanna do it but it's time to pay the rent again
I'm gettin a bit older and I'm startin to be a bother;
Moms can't stand me cause I'm lookin like my father
Should I stay or run away? Tell me the answer
Moms ignores me and avoids me like cancer
Grow up rough and it's hard to understand stuff
Moms was tough cause his papa wasn't man enough;
Couldn't stand up to his own responsibilities
Instead of takin care of me, he'd rather live lavishly
That's why I'll never be a father;
Unless you got the time it's a crime; don't even bother
That's when I started hatin' the phony smiles
Said I was an only child
Look at mama's lonely smile!
It's hard for a son to see his mother cry
She only loves you, but has to fuck with these other guys
I'm so sorry...

[Hook]
I'm so sorry
For all this time (I'm so sorry)
For all this time
For all this time (don't lie)
I'm so sorry
For all this time (so, sorry)
For all this time
For all this time, so sorry baby!

[Verse 3: 2Pac]
Man child in the promised land couldn't afford many heroes
Moms was the only one there my pops was a no-show
And ohh -I guess ya didn't know
That I would grow to be so strong
Lookin kinda pale, was it the ale or pops was wrong?
Where was the money that you said, you would send me
Talked on the phone and you sounded so friendly
Ask about school and my welfare
But it's clear, you ain't sincere hey who the hell cares
You think I'm blind but this time I see you comin, Jack!
You grabbed your coat, left us broke, now ain't no runnin back
Ask about my moms like you loved her from the start
Left her in the dark, she fell apart from a broken heart
So don't even start with that "Born to be a father" shit
Don't even bother with your dollars I don't need it
I'll bury moms like you left me: all alone, G
Now that I finally found you, stay the fuck away from me
You're so sorry

[Hook]
I'm so sorry
For all this time (I'm so sorry)
For all this time
For all this time (don't lie)
I'm so sorry
For all this time (so, sorry)
For all this time
For all this time, so sorry baby!

[Verse 4: 2Pac - impersonating his father]
I never meant to leave but I was wanted
Crossed too many people every house I'd touch was haunted
Had to watch the strangers every brother was a danger;
If I wanted to to keep you breathin, had to be out of range-a
Had to move on, done lost my name and picked a number
Made me watch my back I had no happy home to run to
Maybe it's my fault for being a father livin fast
But livin slow, mean half the dough, and you won't get no ass
Hindsight shows me it was wrong all along
I wanted to make some dough so you would grow to be so strong
It took a little longer than I thought
I slipped, got caught, and sent to jail by the courts
Now I'm doin time and I wish you'd understand
All I ever wanted was for you to be a man
And grow to be the titan you was meant to be
Keep the war fightin by the writings that you sent to me
I'm so sorry...

[Hook]
I'm so sorry
For all this time (I'm so sorry)
For all this time
For all this time (don't lie)
I'm so sorry
For all this time (so, sorry)
For all this time
For all this time, so sorry baby![Hook: scratched w/ minor variations: 2Pac & Poppi]
She's a part time mutha

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Meet Cindi
She's twenty-two, lives right on the dope track
Used to be fat now weighs less than a Tic Tac
Now what's that say about this big epidemic
This hypocritical world and the people in it
Now speakin' of, in it Cindi loved to get buckwild
Fuck with a smile single file she'll bust enough styles
That would be cool, if she was your lover
But fuck that, Cindi was my dope fiend mother
Welfare checks never stepped through the front door
'Cause moms would run to the dopeman once more
All those days, had me fiendin' for a hot meal
Now I'm a crook; got steel, I do not fist
So don't even trip, when I flip with my thirty-eight
Revenge is a bitch and my hit shake the murder rate
Word to the mother, I'm touched
When moms come by, niggas hush or get rushed
Maybe one day she'll recover
But what will it take, to shake, or break
My part time mutha
I gotta live with a part time

[Hook: scratched w/ minor variations: 2Pac & Poppi]
She's a part time mutha

[Verse 2: Angelique]
I grew up in a home where no-one liked me
Moms would hit the pipe, every night, she would fight me
Poppa was a nasty old man, like the rest
He's feelin' on my chest, with his hand in my dress
Just another pest and yes I was nervous
Was this a test? I just don't deserve this
I wanna tell mom, but would she listen
She's bound to be bitchin' if she hasn't got a fix in, so
Now I lay me down to sleep, Lord don't let him rape me
If he does my soul to keep, don't let the devil take me
Can't concentrate I contemplate in my classroom
Thinkin' how my stepdad raped me in the bathroom
Every day I make class and yet I'm missin' periods
The thought of pregnancy is in my head and now I'm fearin' it
I gotta tell mom before she sees me
I told her how he treated me and she didn't believe me
Callin' me a slut 'cause my butt's kinda big so
Still that ain't no way to be talkin' to your kids though
I can't believe the way he caught her
Got her believin' him and dissin' her own daughter
Time for me to break and find another
That's when I discovered
The ways of the days of a part time mutha

[2Pac]
I gotta a part time

[Hook: scratched w/ minor variations: 2Pac & Poppi]
She's a part time mutha

[Verse 3: 2Pac]
I rush to tend her, talked as I touch her
She blushed, the clothes came off and I bust her
I'm up now, ready to get drunk on the block
Here, take a cab, thanks a lot for the cock
She's gone and I'm thinkin' that my game's so strong
Pat myself on the back and move on
Is this just how it is hell no
'Cause she came back with the kid and yo
I been payin' ever since
The clothes, the food, the cars and, oh, the rent
All of my time gets spent at the workplace
No time to kiss her got me this in the first place
So, I do the dishes and clean the floor
When I sleep I can't dream no more
Oh no, now I'm a part time mutha
And I change the diapers and clean the shit
The tables are turned I can't take this
Oh no, now I'm a part time mutha

[Hook: scratched w/ minor variations: 2Pac & Poppi]
She's a part time mutha[Verse 1: 2Pac]
So what the fuck you talkin about?! Aw, shit
Goody, goody, gumdrops
Nigga, get your hoodie and your gun cocked
Rock it till the drum stops, hip hop
Even if my shit flip flop
It probably wouldn't stop, talk shit and get socked
How ya hang em?
Know a realer nigga? You could bring him
If I don't represent the shit, I'll kick it
We could sway him, hunh! As if I know ya
Then I could show ya
But if I don't know, I gotta .44 fo' ya
So, so peep game, at point blank range
The fame can't change what the game maintains
Strange! Went against the grain
Aw shit! Flick or no flick I trips for no bitch
Catch up on your pimpin', I ain't simpin', I'm a diss her
Couldn't be my sister if she's actin' like I missed her
Tell me why they, tell me why they, tell me why they play me
Don't these niggas know that neither one of y'all can fade me
I ain't big, I ain't buff, I ain't deisel
But fuck wit 2Pac and pop goes the weasel
Me and Threat made a bet on how many fellas
Would jock a mothafuckin' real nigga cause they jealous
They do it for the fame
Explain, insane What's in a name? What's in a name?
Peep game

[Chorus: Deadly Threat]
Punk bitch, how ya like me now?
Can't fuck around wit the funky style
Put it together like a puzzle builder
If Threat don't get cha, Pac gon' kill ya

[Verse 2: Deadly Threat]
Killa Cali
The state where they kill
Down wit Oaktown? What's up homie, can I chill?
The bitches lookin funny
Film at elev,film at eleven wit they minds on they heaven
Wit they .357
-Where you at?
*On the freeway, leaving LA
-OK, see you when get here loc
*OK
-Here I am. Here I am
*Goddamn that was quick
-Told ya I was comin. Who is that? Is that your woman?
*Na, that's just a hoochie looking for some juice
-What's up my nigga? What ya know? A nigga got a little bigger
That's all folks know
Fat gold ropes
Gotta keep a low key for my attack
When I approach, I want the diamonds, the pearls
The round the way girls
Cuz baby got, baby got back out this world
Would you give a fee? Never
Fly like a feather
Make more money than your daddy and your mama put together
The game is to be sold, not to be told
So buy it
Can't afford it?
Low budget hoes gotta brother
Peep game

[Chorus: Deadly Threat]
Punk bitch, how ya like me now?
Can't fuck around wit the funky style
Put it together like a puzzle builder
If Threat don't get cha, Pac gon' kill ya

[Verse 3: Deadly Threat]
Don't sell out
Get the hell out
Cause here I come
Hit em with my bop gun
They came and they blast
We got witt they ass
And oh, pop this vest and all the rest of that mess
Comin through like Terminater 2
Boost your crew cuz we ain't afraid of you
You know what time it is wit me once the clock stike 3
We goin coo-coo for Cocoa Puffs. Whooo eeii!!!

[Chorus: Deadly Threat]
Punk bitch, how ya like me now?
Can't fuck around wit the funky style
Put it together like a puzzle builder
If Threat don't get cha, Pac gon' kill ya

[Verse 4: 2Pac]
Time to get paid, time to get paid, check
Time to represent the west homie, nuttin' but a vest on me
Got my hands on my Glock, eyes on the prize
First sucka jump, first nigga die
Gimme mine, gimme mine, gimme mine like I told ya
Hard as a boulder
Motha fuckin soulja
Boom bam boom!! It's a stick up
Vice president Dan Quayle eat a dick up
Peep game

[Chorus: Deadly Threat]
Punk bitch, how ya like me now?
Can't fuck around wit the funky style
Put it together like a puzzle builder
If Threat don't get cha, Pac gon' kill ya

[Outro: 2Pac]
Punk motha fucka
Fuck all those motha fuckas
They all can eat a mothafucking dick up
Word up, fuck the police, I don't give a fuck
Bobcat in this mothafucka boy
Big up! Big up! To the criminals
Fuck em
"This is serious business"
Yeah, microphone mafia
2Pac, Threat, Bobcat
93 shot
Yeah nigga, bitch[Intro]
Damn
Hey, close yo' muthafuckin' mouth...
Shut yo' muthafuckin' mouth!
This is how we going to to this in '94
Here we go
Time to size these niggas up and cut they ass short, yow know?
Mothafuckers got me going for it
Fuck these niggas
DING!

[Verse 1]
Momma ain't raised no punks
Playa-hate niggas, pay attention, this is what they want
Since you all up in a nigga mix
Then maybe you can hang with the street game, don't be a bitch
Keep your head up, baby, and I meant that
Now you trying to toss me in the mix, and bitch, I resent that
These hoes ain't shit
Plottin' on a nigga 'cause he rich
Then wonder why they call you bitch
And if you offended, you's a lyin' ass trick and that was intended
I'm coming back with a passion
And screaming 'Thug Life,' bitch
When my niggas get the blastin'
I'm puttin' hoes on tape, and not 'cause I wanna, but I gotta
'Cause tramps love to scream "rape!"
I'm rushing bitches to the hotel
And I'm blindfolding hoes I don't know well
Huh, guess it's hard on a nigga in '94
If you can find a ho, nigga, peep game

[Verse 2]
Tell me what you need when you see me
Ducking these tramps 'cause they sleazy
Bitch, take it easy
I told you last year it's a test
I know you can't see my tattoos through my bullerproof vest
So you roll, baby, hold up
And why you touchin' on a nigga
If I touched you back, you'd probably go nuts
You see, you hoes got it all wrong
Shouldn't listen to them niggas that be bangin' on them slow songs
That's where you go wrong
I ain't never been a trick
Fake bitch, keep yo' clothes on
With you're mouth closed, and you're leg shut
If I was broke, you'd probably wouldn't said much
But I'm paid, so you all in a nigga face
You wanna move in, fuck, get a bigger place
Please, I ain't goin' out like these, trick ass niggas that be fuckin' off G's
You suckas need your game plan changed
And peep game...[Intro]
Yeah, clear enough for ya? (alright)
Why niggas look mad?
Y'all supposed to be happy I'm free
Y'all niggas look like y'all wanted me to stay in jail
Ho bustas!

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Picture me rollin' in my 500 Benz
I got no love for these niggas, there's no need to be friends
They got me under surveillance
That's what somebody be tellin'
Know there's dope bein' sold, but I ain't the one sellin'
Don't want to be another number
I gotta puff a gang of weed to keep from goin' under
The federales wanna see me dead
Niggas put prices on my head
Now I got two Rottweilers by my bed, I feed 'em lead
Now I'm released, how will I live?
Will God forgive me for all the dirt a nigga did, to feed kids?
One life to live, it's so hard to be positive
When niggas shootin' at your crib
Mama, I'm still thuggin', the world is a war zone
My homies is inmates, and most of them dead wrong
Full grown, finally a man, just schemin' on ways
To put some green inside the palms of my empty hands
Just picture me rollin'
Flossin' a Benz on rims that isn't stolen
My dreams is censored, my hopes are gone
I'm like a fiend that finally sees when all the dope is gone
My nerves is wrecked, heart beatin'
And my hands are swollen
Thinkin' of the G's I'll be holdin'; picture me rollin'

[Refrain: Danny Boy]
Picture me rollin'
Picture me rollin'
Picture me, picture me rollin'
Picture me rollin'
Ooh wee

[2Pac during Refrain]
Can you see me now?
Move to the side a little bit so you can get a clear picture
Can you see it?
Picture me rollin'
Yeah, nigga!
Aye, but peep how my nigga Syke do it to you
Guess who's back?

[Verse 2: Big Syke]
I got keys comin' from overseas
Cost a nigga 200 G's
I'm a street commando, Nino for example
This lavish lifestyle is hard to handle
So I got to floss 'cause I'm more like a boss player
Thug, branded to be a women-layer
So many player haters, imitators steady swangin'
Make me wanna start back bangin'
So I'm caught up in the game, dress code changed
Packin' 40 Glocks, contain 'em or rearrange
All that jealousy and envy comin' from my enemies
While I'm sippin' on Rémy
In front of black Lexus, Chevy's on the roam
'96 big body, sittin' on chrome
As we head up out the zone, stone-facin' is on
You can admire, but don't look too long
I'm livin' a dream with triple beams and my pockets bulgin'
It's hard to imagine, picture me rollin'

[Refrain: Danny Boy]
Picture me rollin'
Picture, picture me rollin'
Picture me rollin'
Picture me rollin'
Picture me

[Verse 3: CPO]
I gots to get the fuck up in it, formulate a caper
'Cause a nigga straight sufferin' from lack of havin' paper
My bitch fin' to have a bastard, see?
So I needs to hit a lick, drastically
I see some ballin'-ass niggas, and they slippin' in my spot
And, uh, diggin' the plots (so what?)
Checkin' in the park, 'Pac

[Verse 4: 2Pac]
We caught him sleepin'
He didn't peep you niggas creepin'?
This how we do it every weekend
I dump for madness, it's time to count the profit
CPO, you got the bomb spot
Nigga, time to clock it
I get the liquor, and you can get the females
This crooked shit that we inflictin', gettin' street sales

[Verse 5: CPO]
Move smooth as a motherfucker, me and my 9
I'm cool as a motherfucker, I'ma get mine
Now we satisfied, got the pockets on swoll
Boss Hogg and this 'Pac nigga, picture us rollin'

[Refrain: Danny Boy]
Picture me rollin'
Picture me
Picture me rollin'
Picture me rollin'

[Outro: 2Pac]
Is y'all ready for me?
Picture me rollin' roll call
You know there's some muh'fuckers out there
I just could not forget about
I wanna make sure they can see me
Number one on my list: Clinton Correctional Facilities
All you bitch-ass CO's
Can you niggas see me from there?
Ballin' on y'all punk-ass!
Picture me rollin', baby!
Yeah, all them niggas up in them cell blocks
I told y'all niggas when I come home it's on
That's right, nigga, picture me rollin'
Oh, I forgot! The DA
Yeah, that bitch had a lot to talk about in court
Can the ho see me from here?
Can you see me, ho? Picture me rollin'
And all you punk police, can you see me?
Am I clear to you?
Picture me rollin', nigga, legit
Free like O.J. all day, you can't stop me
You know I got my niggas up in this motherfucker
Manute, Pain, Syke, Bogart, Mopreme
It's sad, dog, can you picture us rollin'?
Can you see me, ho?
Is y'all ready for me? We up out this bitch
Any time y'all wanna see me again
Rewind this track right here
Close your eyes and picture me rollin'          
            Lyrics for this song have yet to be released. Please check back once the song has been released.
          
        [Intro: 2Pac]
This going out to all the females that be having
To beat them motherfuckers in they head to get them
Off of them, Haha

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Another shady mission, tricks, like watchin' pictures in hazy vision
Tonight is love makin', take you any place you wish
Today we're satisfied, yesterday we've stolen kisses
Blind insanity, perfect pictures of me and my family
Not understanding the destiny, had they planned for me?
If I have kids, will I live to see them grow?
Though I don't know, I live the life of a thug nigga
Until the day I go, no broken promises
A sacred bond broken, I know I die alone
But yet and still I'm hopin'
Visions of prisons, maybe I'll be forgiven
I know it's better in heaven cause bein' here ain't livin'
Close my eyes and see nothing but pain, the world is crazy, still
Lookin' for a queen to plant seeds and have babies
Maybe I'll be the one or just maybe I'm lost
You'll never know being cautious, if you play your cards right

[Chorus: Keyon Bryce & 2pac]
Play your cards right baby, haha, play your cards right
Play your cards right girl, take ya time
Take your time baby, be patient
Just be patient baby, don't rush
Don't you rush it girl

[Verse 2: Ludacris]
Uh huh, Luda
You ain't gotta do that baby
It's not the hand that you're dealt but how you playin' your cards
You got a brother feelin' mellow like a Cuban cigar
You truly a star, we'll take the days one at a time
I think we make the perfect pair, cause you my one of a kind
I say we make a full house, live out the family dreams
No jokers, no jacks, just kings and queens
And we should leave the clubs alone and take trips to islands
Give you all of my heart and flood your hands with diamonds
No more livin' like a playa, stop chasin' the hoes
I never put you in a shuffle, use my ace in the hole
I live a life full of riches we got places to go
So no bluffin', no rushin', just takin' it slow
Let your man do the hustling while you lay in the shade
I'll throw a deuce to the haters, call a spade a spade
And let you know I'll never hurt you, baby girl
You made me hurry up and wait and I know patience is a virtue
Haha, play your cards right baby

[Chorus: Keyon Bryce & 2pac]
Play your cards right baby, haha, play your cards right
Play your cards right girl, take ya time
Take your time baby, be patient
Just be patient baby, don't rush
Don't you rush it girl

[Verse 3: Keon Bryce]
You're the one, the only one heaven sent for me
Baby, I'm hopin' that you understand, that you still believe
That I got the special times, on my mind, just hopin' that you see
Baby that the thug in me is lovin' you, that this is meant to be
Girl I'll never leave you alone
You're the one, the only one heaven sent for me
Baby, I'm hopin' that you understand, that you still believe
That I got the special times, on my mind, just hopin' that you see
Baby that the thug in me is lovin' you, that this is meant to be
Girl I'll never leave you alone

[Chorus: Keyon Bryce & 2pac]
Play your cards right baby
Play your cards right girl, just play your cards
Take your time baby, play your cards right
Just be patient baby, take your time, girl
Don't you rush it girl
Rush it girl, hahaha
Play your cards right baby, be patient
Play your cards right girl, play your cards right
Take your time baby, yeah
Just be patient baby
Don't you rush it girl

[Outro: Ludacris & 2pac]
Hahah
You know
I know how it is sometimes
I know exactly what you talking about
Mothafuckers be havin' a one track mind. That liquor be makin' a mothafucker just straight up stone cold thuggin
It's ok, we don't know no better sometimes, haha
You gotta slow down homie
We learn that
Playa cardz right
Yeah hahaha
Especially them niggas like Kastro. Kastro is a straight gorilla pimp
My homeboy I-20 is just like that man
And that nigga fuckin' uh, Yaki Kadafi, straight gorilla pimp
Lil' Fate the same way
Niggas just be takin' it, they don't give a fuck. Big what?
Exactly
Them niggas is just gorilla pimps
Haha, that's Jayo for ya
E.D.I. Mean
Hahaha, Haaaaa
That nigga done slow down huh
Please slow it down
He used to be a super gorilla pimp
Dolla Boy, Haha. Disturbin tha Peace, baby. We can take it slow sometimes man
Yeah, yeah
Woooo, play your cards right
Play your cards rightPoetry has a beat like no other
Words of inspiration, you can share with another
It breathes and lives with a life of passion
Who cares the style, is always in fashion
The topics are endless, and so are the meanings
The sparks that STRIKE, bring so many feelings
It's in the way I drag my S'sss
And drop my G's
That has you so in love with me
Or should I say my poetry
The chemistry is so in sync
Envy in will drive your crazy and quake your nerves
But you thought these were only words?
No it's my soul that's creepin up your back
My spirit with YOURS, is what you lack
But yet you still fail to understand me
The truth I write is never tangled even though the words
Are influential to my no name brain I'll rock your world, and I'll change your tastes
I move so swiftly, with so much grace
Some call me a mystery
And others can't see
But in the depths of my valley, I am called
Po-e-try

[Singer ad libs]
Whoahhh, whoahhhh
La la la la la lahhhh, poetry
Whoahhhoahhhoahhhh poetry
Ahhh-ahh-ahh-ah-ahhhhh poetry
Yeahhh, ooooh

[Poet speaks]
Uh yeah, poetry word
MVM, uhh, yeah, damn, word, uh-huh, yeah
Pacskids, uh-huh, yeah
(I saw a rose grow out the concrete)
Aiyyo 'Pac ain't no need for you to worry no more man
We got you
Your words mean so much and we here now
We here to hold it down
We here to hold you down
Amaru, you know how we do
And Afeni Shakur, thanks for everything you done for us
We love you, peace, we out[Intro]
"You could get the finger, ("Come and get some!") the middle!"
Ahh yeah, they love to point the finger
"You could get the finger, ("Come and get some!") the middle!"
Boom boom boom on your black ass, bitch
"You could get the finger, ("Come and get some!") the middle!"
Boom boom boom on your black ass, bitch
"You could get the finger, ("Come and get some!") the middle!"

[Verse 1]
I thought I hit rock bottom, they ban my album, point the finga
I guess nobody loves a real nigga-slash-rap singer
I thought I'd bring a little truth to the young troops
I brought proof that the niggas need guns too
It's not to be a racist, but let's face this
Wouldn't you if we could trade places?
I got lynched by some crooked cops, and to this day
Them same motherfuckers on the beat gettin' major pay
But when I get my check they takin' tax out
So, we payin' for these pigs to knock the blacks out
Ain't that a bitch, some officers are gettin' rich
Whoopin' on thugs and robbin' drug dealers for they shit
As far as jealousy, bein' a celebrity
No matter who committed the crime, they all yell at me
And the media is greedier than most
You could sell 'em your soul or they'll be on ya til a nigga's ghost
And everyday I read the paper there's another lie
They show my picture for the crimes of another guy
Now how's that for the life of a big shot
A dead cop, a lawsuit, a little kid shot
I play them nuttin' ass marks in the park
For tryin' to earn they stripes in the dark
Just 'cause I come there, don't mean I'm from there, peep
Only jealous motherfuckers beef, and point the finga

[Hook]
Boom boom boom on your black ass, bitch
"You could get the finger, ("Come and get some!") the middle!"
Boom boom boom on your black ass, bitch
"You could get the finger, ("Come and get some!") the middle!"
Boom boom boom on your black ass, bitch
"You could get the finger, ("Come and get some!") the middle!"
Boom boom boom on your black ass, bitch
"You could get the finger, ("Come and get some!") the middle!"

[Verse 2]
As I run up on em madman, a nutcase with a screw loose
A zoot troupe full of foolies with toolies
Niggas run to me don't come to me with beef
Take your jewels and your jeep, boom boom! Let that ass sleep
It's gettin' hectic, niggas run, quick
Buckshots are the payback for dumb shit
All you niggas on the block tryin to test me
Best wear a vest or get open like, sesame
I'll run up on you mad deep; while you're tryin' to sleep
I'm steady pumpin' bullets in your sheets
Wake up, motherfucker, don't stutter
Point blank by a nigga from the gutter, yeah!
Gimme mine, gimme mine, gimme, mine
Ban my rhymes, now I'm back to bustin', nines
And bustaz can't get none, hell no
A quick flurry and he's buried with a swelled jaw
I came up from the amateurs to pro hits
At 5-0, so you know I take no shit
And everybody wants to kill a bringer
Of bad news, so they choose, to point the finga

[Hook]
Boom boom boom on your black ass, bitch
"You could get the finger, ("Come and get some!") the middle!"
Boom boom boom on your black ass, bitch
"You could get the finger, ("Come and get some!") the middle!"
Boom boom boom on your black ass, bitch
"You could get the finger, ("Come and get some!") the middle!"
Boom boom boom on your black ass, bitch
"You could get the finger, ("Come and get some!") the middle!"

[Verse 3]
One two three, peace to the real G's
Still me, til these motherfuckers kill me
I bring skills and I build, kill at will
Smoke sess til I'm ill, still feel me?
I say one two three, peace to the real G's
Still me, til these motherfuckers kill me
Pick it up, pick it up, give it up
Best to duck or get fucked for your bucks
Scream one two three, peace to the real G's
Still me, til these motherfuckers kill me
I can't give up, it's a black thang
And I ain't goin back to the crack game
(You can do it son; be a man and stand up or run)
Bitches, let 'em point the finga
(You can do it son; be a man and stand up or run)
Snitches, let 'em point the finga
Yo, one two three, peace to my real G's
Still me, til these motherfuckers kill me
I guess nobody loves a rap singer
That's why these motherfuckers.. (hahaha!) point the finga

[Hook]
Boom boom boom on your black ass, bitch
"You could get the finger, ("Come and get some!") the middle!"
Boom boom boom on your black ass, bitch
"You could get the finger, ("Come and get some!") the middle!"
Boom boom boom on your black ass, bitch
"You could get the finger, ("Come and get some!") the middle!"
Boom boom boom on your black ass, bitch
"You could get the finger, ("Come and get some!") the middle!"
Boom boom boom on your black ass, bitch
"You could get the finger, ("Come and get some!") the middle!"
Boom boom boom on your black ass, bitch
"You could get the finger, ("Come and get some!") the middle!"
Boom boom boom on your black ass, bitch
"You could get the finger, ("Come and get some!") the middle!"
Boom boom boom on your black ass, bitch
"You could get the finger, ("Come and get some!") the middle!"
Boom boom boom on your black ass, bitch
"You could get the finger, ("Come and get some!") the middle!"
Boom boom boom on your black ass, bitch
"You could get the finger, ("Come and get some!") the middle!"
Boom boom boom on your black ass, bitch
"You could get the finger, ("Come and get some!") the middle!"[2Pac & Govenor]
G: Why'd you slang crack
P: I had to
G: Why'd you pack the straps
P: Cause I had to)
G: Why'd you jack the scratch
P: Cause I had to
G: Say what, say what
P: A nigga got to pay the fuckin' rent

Pac
You certified crazy

[2Pac]
I got to work with what you gave me
Claiming' I'm a criminal and you the one that made me
They got me trapped in this slavery
Now I'm lost in this Holocaust headed for my grave G
I told Sam he could fuck the war
And got a busted jaw for sayin' fuck the law
And if you wonder why I'm mad check the record
What's a nigga got to do to get respected?
Sometimes I think I'm gettin' tested
And if I don't say yes a nigga's quick to get arrested
That's the reason I stay zested
I keep a vest on my chest in case the cops are gettin' restless
Walk around ready to light shit up
And since my life is fucked, some say I'm slightly nuts
Buck, buck is the sound as I move up
Other niggas pay attention when I'm fool, bust
They make a nigga be a killer I used to be a dealer
But they wanted to see who's realer
Now them same mothafuckas wanna murder me
And I wonder If the Lord ever heard of me (uh)
I need loot so I'm doin' what I do
And don't say shit until you've walked in my shoes
There was no other destiny to choose
I had nothin' left to lose so I'm singin' nigga blues

[Hook: 2Pac & Govenor]
Can't you see, we're raised to all be thugs
Make's us do the things we do
Got to let a Outlaw make moves
(A nigga got to pay the fuckin' rent)

Why did you slang crack (Cause I had to)
Why did you pack straps (Cause I had to)
Why did you jack the scratch (Cause I had to)
A nigga got to pay the fuckin' rent

[2Pac]
Poppa need brand new shoes
But what the fuck can a nigga do
My little boy got to eat too
So why must I sock-a-fella
Just to live large like Rockefeller?
And did you ever stop to think
I'm old enough to go to war
But I ain't old enough to drink
Cops want to hit me with the book
And you're hooked on my eye don't give a fuck look
Make your rules I'm a break 'em
No matter how much you make 'em
You show me bacon I'mma take 'em
So don't you ever tempt me
I'm a fool for mine nigga and my pockets stay empty
To my brothers In the barrio
You livin' worse than the niggas In the ghetto so
I give a fuck about your language or complexion
You got love from the niggas in my section
Got love, you got problems with the punk police
Don't run from the chumps get the pump from me
We ain't free I'll be damned if I played a trick
For a blonde hair blue-eyed Caucasian bitch (Bitch!)
Down with my homeboy Rich
Fuck a snitch and a groupie ass bitch
And the nigga with a cellular phone
Leave his baby at home so he can go out and bone (That ain't right)
And you wonder why we blazin' niggas
Cause you punks havin' babies can't raise the niggas (What's up kid)
And they bound to be fuckups too
Drinkin' forties of brew singin' nigga blues

(Hey Pac, say what?)

[Hook: 2Pac & Govenor]
Why did you slang crack (Cause I had to)
Why did you pack straps (Cause I had to)
Why did you jack the scratch (Cause I had to)
Come on, Come on Now I'm headin' for the mothafuckin' penn
[2Xs]

[Outro: 2Pac & Govenor] 4x
Can't you see we're raised to all be thugs
Makes us do the things we do you got to let a Outlaw
Make moves and get a grip
That's to you* Poems written by Shakur as ~ interpreted by other artists
[Layzie Bone - reciting poem]
The power of a gun can kill, and the power of fire can burn
The power of wind can chill, and the power of mind can learn
The power of anger, can raise inside until it tears you apart
But the power of a smile, especially yours, can heal a frozen heart

[Krayzie Bone over poem]
And tomorrow, we'll wake up with the promise of a smile, smile
Yes, maybe tomorrow, we'll wake up with the promise, of a smile

[Intro: Wish Bone]
Rest in peace..
2Pac, Bone Thugs
In His Own Words
Let's go

[Refrain: Wish Bone]
And tomorrow, morrow, morrow, and tomorrow, morrow
And tomorrow, morrow, and tomorrow we

[Hook: Krayzie Bone & Wish Bone]
I see the light... (and tomorrow, morrow, morrow)
I can see the light... (and tomorrow, tomorrow)
I see the light... (and tomorrow we)
See the light that shines... (and tomorrow we)

[Verse 1: Krayzie Bone]
Well, we still looking for better days
Hoping tomorrow can bring us some bigger and better things
So we can escape this maze, and they give us our change in every way
And maybe tomorrow, can bring us the truth
And there'll be no more use, for the pain and sorrow
Let's put it to use and then maybe the youth, can come and follow
And we can leave all our problems in the bottle, tomorrow
Maybe god'll wipe our eyes and we'll never have to cry no more
Or even better, have to die no more
Politicians can't tell us lies no more, he decides no more
Maybe tomorrow, it can be our daylight
Just might be our sunshine, sunshine..
Yesterday is filled with so much misery and drama
And today it don't seem like I'm getting any further
Praying tomorrow we can somehow come out of the struggle
And need no more hustle, no stumblin cause we all one muscle
Still looking for a better day, day, and a better way, way, way
So let's hope tomorrow... can lead us to the place we tryin to be
In heavenly harmony, in heavenly harmony!

[Hook: Krayzie Bone & Wish Bone]
I see the light... (and tomorrow, morrow, morrow)
I can see the light... (and tomorrow, tomorrow)
I see the light... (and tomorrow we)
See the light that shines... (and tomorrow we)
I see the light... (and tomorrow, morrow, morrow)
I can see the light... (and tomorrow, tomorrow)
I see the light... (and tomorrow we)
See the light that shines... (and tomorrow we)

[Verse 2: Wish Bone]
Where there's a will there's a way, don't let it stand in your way
Look 'em straight in they face, let 'em know you ain't playing no games
We searching for better days, wanna live them better ways
What I promise, heart is all you need to rock
Be honest, succeed, just look at me!
If I can do it, you can do it, we can do it, just believe, believe, believe!
When I lay down, I think about some of the wrong things I done
So I pray now, for God to erase some of that wrong
Wipe my soul clean, to be wanted, when he calls me, when he calls me!
So I can't sleep, cause I'm worried, I done did things, lord forgive me!
It's a damn shame, the things we do to get it our way!
Snitch on thugs, just to get it, your pay!
Nowadays I act right, in the past we used to fight
Where the loyalty at? Where them real street thugs? Where the thug life?
Where there's a will there's a way!

[Hook: Krayzie Bone & Wish Bone]
I see the light... (and tomorrow, morrow, morrow)
I can see the light... (and tomorrow, tomorrow)
I see the light... (and tomorrow we)
See the light that shines... (and tomorrow we)
I see the light... (and tomorrow, morrow, morrow)
I can see the light... (and tomorrow, tomorrow)
I see the light... (and tomorrow we)
See the light that shines... (and tomorrow we)

[Verse 3: Layzie Bone]
So as the hours pass by, in the event of my demise
Tell my momma not to cry, these are the words of the wise
Look at liberty needing glasses now that the promise been broken
For the better, keep on hopin, powerful words that's spoken
What I'm quotin is a G, acquired his knowledge from the streets
Makaveli, 2Pac Shakur, was the rose that grew from concrete
America's most complete artist, regardless, one of the hardest
On a mission to make it better, with the soul of Malcom and Martin
Mixed with a little Garvey, today he got us callin
Our brighter star is fallen, but now before he was ballin
Out of control, quick to let a nigga know what he stood for, be a friend or foe
And I bring the truth in the booth cause ain't nobody gon help me
This is life, it's a gamble, and I'mma scramble till my pockets wealthy
Fuck what they tell me, I'm all about my biz
Bitch, street biz or showbiz, I'mma make y'all know this
And I'mma say this to every man, woman and child
Don't you ever be afraid to smile, smile for me now
And I'mma say this to every man, woman and child
Don't you ever be afraid to smile... the power of a smile!
Bone, Bone, Bone, Bone, Bone, Bone-Bone-Bone-Bone! Bone-Bone-Bone-Bone!
Bone, Bone, Bone, Bone, Bone, Bone-Bone-Bone-Bone! Bone-Bone-Bone-Bone!

[Layzie Bone over hook]
Bone, Bone, Bone, Bone, Bone
Bone-Bone-Bone-Bone, Bone-Bone-Bone-Bone
Bone, Bone, Bone, Bone, Bone
Bone-Bone-Bone-Bone, Bone-Bone-Bone-Bone

[Hook: Krayzie Bone & Wish Bone]
I see the light... (and tomorrow, morrow, morrow)
I can see the light... (and tomorrow, tomorrow)
I see the light... (and tomorrow we)
See the light that shines... (and tomorrow we)
I see the light... (and tomorrow, morrow, morrow)
I can see the light... (and tomorrow, tomorrow)
I see the light... (and tomorrow we)
See the light that shines... (and tomorrow we)[Hook:]
Raise up off these nuts, a little bit
Just a little bit
Raise up off these nuts, a little bit

[2Pac]
I'm smokin these niggas like they endo
Breakin em like they windows
And still they rip till they get a whiff
Of this shit that I kick
And if they ever had a notion to stop me
Treat your best shot and get dropped
With your posse, nigga I got the ?mott?
I'm takin em out, a lot I got
More than you could pop
I'm rockin the spot, so now they jock
Dump em and get dropped
2Pac ain't tryin to hear it, Ox
Screamin at your box
I'm swearin at ya not so uh
Static is the last thing you need when you see me
Better have a bat or a gat to defeat me
Nigga, I'm a whole posse rolled into one shot
Takin on your gat while your girl gets hot and rocks the spot
Fear funky flavor with the gift that only God gave
Hold it to my grave
I'd rather die than be a slave
Slaves come as dope dealers
Some come as addicts
Some come to run while the others cause static

[Hook]

[???]
I'm comin up outta the cut
Sendin slugs to the guts
I'm bustin up outta the page cuz they got me locked up
I'm tryin to survive but there's too many playa hatin haters
Always want static, like boom holla at ya later
Homie this ain't no love in this town that I come from
Niggas be wantin funkin then I stomp em, they don't want none
Girls be on my jock and they playin me for that
But fool I can't help it cuz I was raised up like a mack
Jealous because I'm black, Jack wanna jack me
And Jill wants to marry me and watch the Klan bury me
Got to pack the steel for the personal protection
AK, 45's, assault rifles, Smith & Wesson
I'm no longer stressin
Learnin, gotta live long
(..?..) thanks God that I'm still strong
Get a bag a spliffs for the homies, blaze up all of these
But if you wanna flex, get in my Kool Aid punks, raise up offa
These

[Hook]

[Silky]
Just back the fuck up of me, cuz you can't get none a these
It's that OG female comin straight up out the PP's
So step to the side then raise the fuck up off me, brah
Cuz if I take it to that level I'ma light this motherfucker up
Now it's on you, you better try to lose your shit
Cuz if you don't, trust me I got you trick
You better try to choose it and lose it
Stay outta mine 'fore this shit get way stupid
These niggas I fuck with believe in passin gats
Can't leave hoe, without my strap
Not givin a fuck about nothin
Slidin through the spot with my face mask muggin
Lookin motherfuckers up and down
It ain't a future in your frontin
Why these fat niggas floatin around?
What happened to them real motherfuckin G's?
Fake motherfuckers need to raise up offa these

[Hook] X 2[Intro: Richie Rich & 2Pac]
'Pac
Hey
What's happening
Not motherfucking double R, Richie baby
What's happening baby, you know how we do it
Yeah nigga, you know I'm up out this bitch
It's time for me to uhhh regulate
Fo' sho', hey
Observe
And you ain't going back?
Nah nah nah, we got to show these motherfuckers whassup though
This is for the honeys, the superstar
I don't want to be her man, I want to be her nigga
You feel me?
Well let 'em know

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
You fucking with niggas that's insecure
Watered down, my shit is pure
Write down my number but don't call me 'til you sure
I ain't begging just trying to relocate between your legs
Dripping wet, as we experiment in sweaty sex
When you met me you wouldn't let me, and now
You straight begging to sex me got you undressing to test me and uhh..

[Verse 2: Richie Rich]
Shut me down if you want, and miss the chance to do it live
When I stroll by, I see that look in yo' eye
You want a nigga, but think that you can't have a nigga
Don't cheat yourself, instead treat yourself
If you scared, go to church, I know it hurts
To find out me and your man be sharing skirts

[Verse 3: 2Pac]
I'm hoping you don't take this the wrong way
But your body is banging, got me attracted in a strong way
After a long day of trying to make my songs pay
Making love all day against the wall in the hallway
Your fantasies come alive, your heart rate
Shall increase when we meet up in this dark place
You might think you're happy with him
But that's a lie, so give this thug a try
I'd rather be ya nigga

[Chorus: 2Pac]
I'd rather be ya N-I-G-G-A
So we can get drunk and smoke weed all day
It don't matter if you lonely baby, you need a thug in your life
These busters ain't loving you right
I'd rather be ya N-I-G-G-A
So we can get drunk and smoke weed all day
It don't matter if you lonely baby, you need a thug in your life
('Cause) These busters ain't loving you right

[Verse 4: 2Pac]
Look, now you was sprung from the introduction
My conversation's full of game yet laced with seductions
I see you blushing like you want something, come get a taste
Of Amerikaz Most Wanted and let's get into some touching, erotic fuckin'
My up and down with no interruptions
Have no intentions of busting until you learn your lesson
Now many questions are often asked, a drop top, 500 Benz
And plenty cash, to help a nigga get the ass

[Verse 5: Richie Rich]
You can ride out with sport coat, to get your lobster and crab
Cause all I got is conversation and a gang of stab
And I'ma listen when it hurts, I'ma hang out but never stay
Smoke blunts but leave them stunts up to Super Dave
I'll be your nigga, as long as we can understand
That I's the nigga and sport coat can be the man
He wine and dine, but me and you we whine and grind
And when I'm on the field keep you on the sidelines

[Chorus: 2Pac]
I'd rather be ya N-I-G-G-A
So we can get drunk and smoke weed all day
It don't matter if you lonely baby, you need a thug in your life
Them busters ain't loving you right
I'd rather be ya N-I-G-G-A
So we can get drunk and smoke weed all day
It don't matter if you lonely baby, you need a thug in your life
Them busters ain't loving you right

[Verse 6: 2Pac]
Now it's time for the moment of truth, I got you naked
Totally sweating, let's see how hot I can make it
Tongue kissing 'til yo' head swang
I'm so into you, witness a nigga make the bed bang
If it's all mine, then let me know
Now scream my name out; do you want it fast or shall I hit it slow?
Not to mention, the multiple positions I inflict
A boss player, freaky motherfucker, can I dig?

[Verse 7: Richie Rich & 2Pac]
It's on and popping, now you see what I was seeing
Why your eyes rolling? Loosen up, girl, I ain't going
Nowhere, let's let that sucker stay out there
While he's stressed out and knock I stretch out the cock
Hold the boots, and let a nigga execute
And though you got it right, I'm going home tonight
You say you don't need a man, but I don't care
You're in the presence of a player, I'd rather be ya nigga

[Chorus: 2Pac]
I'd rather be ya N-I-G-G-A
So we can get drunk and smoke weed all day
It don't matter if you lonely baby, you need a thug in your life
These busters ain't loving you right
So I'd rather be ya N-I-G-G-A
So we can get drunk and smoke weed all day
It don't matter if you lonely baby, you need a thug in your life
These busters ain't loving you right
I'd rather be ya N-I-G-G-A
So we can get drunk and smoke weed all day
It don't matter if you lonely baby, you need a thug in your life
These busters ain't loving you right
I'd rather be ya N-I-G-G-A
(I'd rather be yo' nigga)[Intro]
(Rule number one... niggas die, daily, hahahaha)
Hear me! Boo-yaow!
(Ready for whatever, hell yeah
What type nigga be a Thug Life nigga?
Them Thug Life niggas be the craziest -- run up nigga!)

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
There's no way to survive in the city it's a shame
Niggas die from my hollow-point bullet to the brain
Will I survive or will I die is what I wonder
Puffin on blunts and gettin' drunk to keep from goin' under
Gettin' lost in the madness, blunted gettin' tipsy
Got my pistol out the window screamin', "Lord come and get me"
Am I sick, or am I just another victim?
Unloadin' my clip, I'm watchin' every bullet spit when I kick 'em
Niggas die from automatic gunfire
Your time to expire, nobody cry every man gotta die
When they bury me, they bury me a G
Rest in peace, to all the homies got to heaven before me
Pour some liquor on the curb for the niggas that's caught
Had a motherfuckin' warrant but he didn't go to court
God damn, and one day we'll all be together
Until then I'm ready for whatever, c'mon

[Interlude]
(Yeah, niggas movin' somethin' in the nine-trey
It's all about makin' money, gettin' yours
And knockin' coppers off the motherfuckin' planet
Word to the motherfuckin' nine nigga
We gonna make this motherfucker ours
If they don't feel me, they gon' kill me
So Syke, get skanless nigga)

[Verse 2: Big Syke]
Am I going to Hell or will I reach Heaven?
After all this shit I did with my MAC-11
Did I sell my soul? Mama would have saved me
That's the way that daddy raised me
Oh God, help me I'm losing it
So fuck it! Take me I'm doing it!
I need to change and look for a better way
I got a hundred round clip to my AK
Committing sins I might die in vain
So fuck it! We'll live off the street fame
God didn't send me in the right direction
I'm getting hit by a diesel in the intersection
I know you're out there help a young brother
Til then I'ma smoke motherfuckers
Things wouldn't be so bad
If we got the things that we never had, I'm ready for whatever

[Interlude]
(Hahahahaha, that's my motherfuckin' nigga there
Big ballin'-ass Syke
Yeah nigga, you schooled them young bustas
On how it is to be a real motherfuckin' G
In the nine-trey motherfuckers is dyin' daily so you best be packin'
If you ain't, boo-yaow motherfucker!)

[Verse 3: 2Pac]
Dear mama I know you worry cause I'm hardly at home
Every other night in jail, got you patient by the phone
Wanna shake it cause I can't take it got me livin' in Hell
Like I'm walkin' with a secret that'll kill me if I tell
I live the Thug Life and can't nobody, change me
Not to the brain, going insane, just a part of the game
So much pain in the fast lane, finally a dry eye
When I die, bury me with my fo'-five
And let the devil feel the wrath of a nigga
Goin' to Hell with my finger on the trigger
Now everybody's starin'
Got a nigga losin' hair and they wonder if I'm all there
Well don't blame me, blame the flame that flickers
When niggas gettin' richer (mo' money)
Now tell me if you wanna live forever
Niggas dyin' so be ready for whatever

[Outro]
(Yeah, ready for whatever
Ready for whatever
Thug Life niggas and we be ready for whatever
Let me go like this, ready for whatever
Huh, Big Syke he be ready for whatever
My nigga Kato, ready for whatever
Pain, he's ready for whatever
And my nigga Bam Bam, he ready for whatever
My nigga Banks just be ready for whatever
Modu, he's ready for whatever
Big Serg, we ready for whatever
Charlie Tango, ready for whatever
My nigga 'Pac, be ready for whatever
Yeah, ready for whatever
Ready for whatever
My big-ballin' ass nigga Boom, ready for whatever fo' sho'
Yeah, you know!
This how the player's do it
I know you standin' there confused
You wonderin' -- what type of nigga is a Thug Life nigga?
Yeahehehehe nigga, we be the ballin' player-ass nigga
About gettin' riches, bitches, and plenty loc
Ya hear me?)

Ready for whatever[Intro]
Thug Life! Comin' straight out the West Coast
Real Boy Killaz!
2Pac with the Assassin, and we ridin' for the West Side!

[Chorus]
Bad boy, bad boy, what you gonna do?
What you gonna do? Watch out, we comin' at you
Bad boy, bad boy, what you gonna do?
What you gonna do? We're comin' after you
Bad boy, bad boy, what you gonna do?
What you gonna do? Watch out, we comin' at you
Bad boy, bad boy, what you gonna do?
What you gonna do? Watch out, we comin' at you

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
I got these bustas on my block and they after me
Runnin' 'round tellin' these niggas, how they gon' capture me
It's gettin' crazy, it's hard to make my mind up
Now should I, buck 'em down, or put my nine up?
You see, I ain't a bad boy, just a boy who had it bad
I graduated from 22's to 3-57 mags
Runnin' on these marks 'fore they stashin'
I ain't askin', give it up, or get to blastin'
The penitentiary don't scare me
A straight thug nigga, the whole set'll take care of me
And tell me, who the fuck you gon' find
Rough enough to tear these bitch-niggas, this is mine
Now busta, meet my nine, 24 on the grind
I'm sick about mine, and uh, ain't nothin' wrong with gettin' high
A hustlin'-ass nigga from the projects, I'm makin' loot
And screamin' Thug Life, nigga, when I shoot
They made me a (bad boy)

[Bridge]
Bad Boys can't stop Thug Life, West Side when we ride, one time!
Bad Boys can't stop Thug Life, we gotsta keep on thuggin'!
Bad Boys can't stop Thug Life, West Side when we ride, one time!
Bad Boys can't stop Thug Life, we gotsta keep on thuggin'!

Fuck Bad Boy!

[Verse 2: DJ King Assassin]
I'm screamin' West Side ridah when we ride in a hoo ride
Suicide 'til the day we die, gettin' high!
From the Bay to LA, drinkin' Tanqueray and da Alize
When we stay on the blocks, slangin' rocks, runnin' from cops
When we runnin', we hummin', now gunnin' and you get done and
In the city wit' no pity, down wit' Thug Life, we doin' it live!
Every time we side on you trick made bitches
Packin' a .45, recognize the game in yo' set
Betta jet when I get you wet, wit' intention a' do or die
Homicide, genocide to the other side
When we glide wit' my nigga Pac we bustin' 'em niggas
On the block wit' Gangsta-D back up me you real OG
Comin' up outta the 7 Trees strick, .9 to the LHD
We claimin' to bring, we make 'em fiend
For the fact we havin' 'em stack on the map
For the city of Sac all the way to the ho' when we stroll
Poppin the mos, outta killa California, straight loc' West Coast!
They made me a (bad boy)

[Bridge]
Bad Boys can't stop Thug Life, West Side when we ride, one time!
Bad Boys can't stop Thug Life, we gotsta keep on thuggin'!
Bad Boys can't stop Thug Life, West Side when we ride, one time!
Bad Boys can't stop Thug Life, we gotsta keep on thuggin'!

Hahahaha![Intro]
Rebel ... rebel
Rebel
Rebel ... rebel

[Verse 1]
They just can't stand the reign, or the occasional pain
From a man like me, who goes against the grain
Sometimes I do it in vain
So with a little bass and treble
Hey mister, it's time for me to explain that I'm the rebel
Cold as the devil
Straight from the underground, the rebel, a lower level
They came to see the maniac psychopath
The critics heard of me, and the aftermath
I don't give a damn and it shows
And when I do a stage show I wear street clothes
So they all know me
The lyrical lunatic, the maniac MC
I give a shout out to your homies
And maybe then, the critics'll leave your boy alone, G
On the streets or on TV
It just don't pay to be, a truth tellin' MC
They won't be happy 'til I'm banned
The most dangerous weapon: an educated black man
So point blank in your face
Pump up the bass, and join the human race
I throw peace to The Bay
Cause from The Jungle to Oaktown, they backin' me up all the way
You know you gotta love the sound
It's from the rebel - the rebel of the underground

[Hook]
Rebel, he's a rebel
Rebel of the underground
Rebel, he's a rebel
Rebel of the underground
Rebel, he's a rebel
Rebel of the underground
Rebel, he's a rebel
Rebel of the underground

[Verse 2]
Now I'm face to face with the devils
Cause they breedin' more rebels than the whole damn ghetto
And police brutality
Shit, it put you in the nip and call it technicality
So you reap what you sow
So reap the wrath of the rebel, jackin' 'em up once mo'
Now the fox is in the henhouse
Creepin' up on your daughter while you sleep I got her sneakin' out
2Pac ain't nothin' nice, I'll be nothin' how I wanna
And doin' what I'm gonna
Now I'm up to no good
The mastermind of mischief movin' more than most could
So sit and slip into the sound
Peep the rebel - the rebel of the underground

[Hook]
Rebel, he's a rebel
Rebel of the underground
Rebel, he's a rebel
Rebel of the underground
Rebel, he's a rebel
Rebel of the underground
Rebel, he's a rebel
Rebel of the underground

[Verse 3]
They say they hate me, they wanna hold me down
I guess they scared of the rebel - the rebel of the underground
But I never let it get me
I just make another record 'bout the punks tryin' to sweat me
In fact, they tryin' to keep me out
Try to censor what I say
Cause they don't like what I'm talkin' 'bout
So what's wrong with the media today
Got brothers sellin' out cause they greedy to get paid
But me, I'm comin' from the soul
And if it don't go gold, my story still gettin' told
And that way they can't stop me
And if it sells a couple of copies, the punks'll try to copy
It's sloppy, don't even try to
I'm a slave to the rhythm, and I'm about to fly through
So, yo, to the people in the ghetto
When ya hear the bass flow, go ahead and let go
Now everybody wanna gangbang
They talkin' street slang, but the punks still can't hang
They makin' records 'bout violence
But when it comes to the real, some brothers go silent
It kinda make you wanna think about
That ya gotta do some sellin' out, just to get your record out
But 2Pacalypse is straight down
So feel the wrath of the rebel - the rebel of the underground

[Outro]
2Pac is a rebel
Rebel of the underground
2Pac is a rebel
Rebel of the underground
2Pac is a rebel
Rebel of the underground
2Pac is a rebel
Rebel of the underground
2Pac is a rebel
Rebel of the underground
2Pac is a rebel
Rebel of the underground
2Pac is a rebel
Rebel of the underground
2Pac is a rebel
Rebel of the undergroundHahahahaha!
(Thug Life, bitch; goin' out like that)
I'm the king! Hahaha!
I'm the king! Hahaha!
(Thug Life, bitch)
[2Pac] Y'all can't kill me!
(Goin' out like that)
Hahahaha!
[2Pac] Y'all can't kill me! *lower pitch*
[2Pac] Y'all can't kill me! *lower pitch*
[2Pac] Open fire on you niggas
(Thug Life, bitch)
[2Pac] Y'all can't kill me! Hahahaha
(Goin' out like that)
I'm the king! Hahaha!
I'm the king! Hahaha!
(Thug Life, bitch; goin' out like that)
[2Pac] Open fire on you niggas *lower pitch*
[2Pac] Y'all can't kill me! *lower pitch*
I'm the king! Hahaha!
(Thug Life, bitch; goin' out like that)
(Thug Life, bitch; goin' out like that)
[2Pac] Y'all can't kill me!
I'm the king! Hahaha!
[2Pac] Open fire on you niggas *lower pitch* (repeats in background)
I'm the king! Hahaha!
[2Pac] Y'all can't kill me!

[2Pac] Y'all can't kill me! Hahahaha
[2Pac] Y'all can't kill me! *lower pitch*
(Thug Life, bitch; goin' out like that)[Intro: 2Pac]
Are you scared to die?
Is reincarnation
Are you - are you afraid to die?
(Reach the whole nation)
Me? (murderer)
My only fear of death is reincarnation
Uh

[Hook: 2Pac]
My only fear of death, is reincarnation
I use my last breath, to reach the whole nation
How can they call me murderer for my spoken words?
This composition be my prophecy I hope it's heard
My only fear of death, is reincarnation
I use my last breath, to reach the whole nation
How can they call me murderer for my spoken words?
This composition be my prophecy I hope it's heard

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Hard words is spoken, many promises broken
As if it's, useless to hope, they got me constantly smoking
My role model was a cold bottle of O.E
Surrounded by my closest homies but nobody knows me
I pray to God it ain't easy
Half the cops in California got a hard on to squeeze me
Running through the backstreets, hopping over fences
Tryna shake the fucking K-9s, running around senseless
I'll prolly be a mystery to many, but a legend to some
I've been a man for many women, but husband for none
In case you see me out in traffic, looking nervous and high
My hands, holding my pistols will they serve us or die?
May God forgive me for my crooked ways, I didn't mean it
Knew I'd fall in love with money the first day that I seen it
Maybe now they can understand it's my occupation
It's clear that my only fear of death is reincarnation

[Hook: 2Pac]
My only fear of death, is reincarnation
I use my last breath, to reach the whole nation
How can they call me murderer for my spoken words?
This composition be my prophecy, I hope it's heard
My only fear of death, is reincarnation
I use my last breath, to reach the whole nation
How can they call me murderer for my spoken words?
This composition be my prophecy, I hope it's heard

[Verse 2: Hussein Fatal]
I keep my shit off safety, I've been shooting rocks lately
Everybody gots they nickel plates to penetrate me
I was supposed to be the murder first to go
Them niggas missing, grazed my wrist, I took it personal
Kato told me that I was slipping, got his strap and started tripping
Slipped two clips on the table, twist the L and said "Fatal listen"
Everybody don't be missing keep your vest on, baby
And you know that shit that happens to the Teflon, crazy
You ain't gotta pack a gat, I got your backs keep your front line
Or we can stall that, from the Cadillac we about to bum shot
But Reeg locked down, (so) it's still begging casket
All we thought about was plastic and murdering bastards

[Hook: 2Pac]
My only fear of death, is reincarnation
I use my last breath, to reach the whole nation
How can they call me murderer for my spoken words?
This composition is my prophecy, I hope it's heard
My only fear of death, is reincarnation
I use my last breath, to reach the whole nation
How can they call me murderer for my spoken words?
This composition is my prophecy, I hope it's heard

[Verse 3: E.D.I Mean]
I spend my days and nights, not knowing if it strays in flight
Gon' finally catch me, leaving my foes hella happy
'Cause look, at any moment, the game could be my main opponent
Niggas be swimming where the sharks in, and don't even know it
But I stay focused, concentrate on my surroundings
'Cause if I'm slipping, well that's when niggas will get to clowning
And I can't have it, I got a mission to complete
Raise my kids upright, make sure they got something to eat
And my daily ritual is, protect my physical biz
I just can't see now, I choose death before the penal
'Cause what good am I to that little nigga with them big eyes?
If I'm incarcerated, you feel me now I gots to make it
And If I don't, Re-Reincarnation ain't an option
Leave my ass dead until it's really poppin'

[Hook: 2Pac]
My only fear of death, is reincarnation
I use my last breath, to reach the whole nation
How can they call me murderer for my spoken words?
This composition is my prophecy, I hope it's heard
My only fear of death, is reincarnation
I use my last breath, to reach the whole nation
How can they call me murderer for my spoken words?
This composition is my prophecy, I hope it's heard
My only fear of death, is reincarnation
I use my last breath, to reach the whole nation
How can they call me murderer for my spoken words?
This composition is my prophecy, I hope it's heard

[Interlude: 2Pac]
How can y'all call us murderers and shit and
Blame all the problems of the world on us young dumb, Thug Niggas from the streets, ain't that a bitch
How come y'all ain't giving a fuck about us when we was broke and poor?
How come when we get a little money, motherfuckers wanna stop us and block us?
What part of the game is that?
Who should we love, who should we believe in when the motherfuckers that's supposed to be our role models, supposed to be the people we look up to is tryna snatch us out of the game
What type of shit is that?
Fuck 'em all

[Verse 4: Kastro]
I still whizz for the top Dollar
Just a true thug [?] a comer
High power, small timer, made nigga top grade
With a mean ways to play 'em these days, homie I'm saying though they tryna play me, so I gots to get them, hit 'em and lay low
I told you before, my only fear of death
Is momma crying for help, and papa tryin' to help
When I know we ain't got it, but shit I gots to handle this card
They handin' me, snitches, trick bitches, niggas who ain't us enemy
Never worry, apparently, I think I never buried
But if so, I gotta go my nigga's will always love me
Thug family ties, I know they want me to die
But I'ma survive, see the look in my eyes

[Outro: Lemika]
And this Lemika and I'd like to give a shout out to all the tre whizz kids out there, Aunt Micky in the house, and I'm chilling up in the studio with 2Pac and Cocoa G and uh -laughs- okay I'm out..
I'm done, I went out, oh shit, put this back[Intro]
"I got a head, but ain't no screws in it"

[Verse 1]
Roll up and get swoll up, hold up
How ya gonna play me like a sunkin dunkin donut?
I ain't came a long way to get checked
So give me respect when I get wreck
Or get your motherfuckin chin checked
Once again, it's your friend outta Oakland
Hoping I can rock the shit to get ya open
Say your looking for some real shit
Then catch a funkified batch, like that!!
Oakland's on the map
2Pac is on the big screen strivin
Gotta love a nigga for survivin
I wear alot of old schools jewels
Look how the fools drool, ooohh
Stop lookin at me hard cause you're buffer
But I'll just buck them bigger motherfuckers
Turnin men to suckers
Niggas wanna start a little ruckus
Better duck cause I'll be poppin' them motherfuckers
They wanna throw their hands up, that's tight
Hit em wit my eight, never had shit left, right
Then hit em wit the uppercut, duck quick
Shit outta luck, fucked and stuck with that rough shit
Fuck a pop song, fuck a video, fuck Arsenio, fuck the radio
Do you hear me though?
Give a holla to my niggas in the pen
And my murderous partners wit their Mac 10s
I represent the real cause I'm ill, G
Glock cocked the day they kill me
I'm representin'

[Verse 2]
Peace to Redman, Treach, Vin Rock, Kay Gee the great one
Mary J. Blige, Pete Rock and Troy, the late son
Heavy D, CL Smooth, and Queen Latifah
Too Short, Tony Toni Tone, LayLaw beat cuts
Ed, the special motherfucker and the Lover
The Tribe, A Tribe Called Quest, and Jungle Brothers
Das EFX, EPMD, and Ice Cube
House of Pain: funky blunted ass white dudes
Cypress Hill, yeah, the ill niggas
Digital Underground: my real niggas
Raw Fusion, Organized Konfusion
Wicked and the Mouse Man, Spice 1 and Pooh Man
TLC, Eric B., Rakim, then Scarface
Stretch, Maj, K-Low, pumpin the Squad's bass
Thorough Heads, Poonannynans, The Click
E-40, The Governor, and Richie Rich
Young Guns in the house pumpin the flava
DJ Ditch for their behavior
Off the head, my freestyle flow
Just a couple of motherfuckers that I know
I'm strictly representin

[Bridge]
1 motherfucker, 2 motherfucker, 3 motherfuckers
Damn, who did I forget?

[Verse 3]
I'm a soulja, daddy was a soulja
Strong in the struggle
Must contend so it's on
Raised in a house full of bad motherfuckers
Mad motherfuckers
Never had so we grab from the stacked motherfuckers
Now they know me, the homies
Raised by some crazed ass well payed OG's
Ah shit! Pulled up in a benzy, snatch
The wheel as I peel out. Catch a cop's tail
Rock shells hit. Raise a fist so they know to make a hit
Can I flip it? I may get wicked as I rip it
To get specific: If the shoe fits, then kick it
It's for the gifted, pump your fist if you wit it
Here's your ticket to see Mr. Wicked rip shit
Now they wanna ban me (Told ya)
All I wanted to be was a soulja
Bang bang boogie, it's a stick up
Quit now, nigga, eat a dick up
Huh, I'm representin'[Intro: 2Pac]
Resist the temptation
This song go out to the Underground Railroad..
Digital Underground..

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Resist the temptation of the beast
You slip and loose your grip, and forever fall asleep
The venom is contagious, be wary of its spell
What you thought would be heaven, turns out to be hell
I wonder if she knows, the devil's taking off her clothes
Deep into her soul, slow, now he's in control
Poppa's doing worse, a victim of his deadly curse
Wouldn't be the first, to leave the ghetto in a hearse
Oh and how it hurts, the children pay the biggest price
Never get the chance to grow up with a happy life
Blame it on the rock, but we know that's a bunch of crap
Someone from the top, supplying us with plenty crack
Keep 'em in a daze, don't let them see the other way
Let 'em all get paid, won't live to see another day
See, they never got a breath of the sunshine
Now the kid's addicted and only hit it one time
We're destined to be dead as a nation
Don't let it come to this, resist the temptation

[Hook: Amel Larrieux]
From pyramid top to bottom of bowl
From whips and locks to fist and afro
We dug too deep to give up this gold
Don't be bought, and you won't be sold
Running on empty, you ain't gon' go
Running on empty, lead you to nowhere
We fact, nobody can lie
So resist the temptation

[Verse 2: 2Pac]
Gamble for your soul with the devil
You wonder how low, can you go, before you finally reach the lowest level
As everybody sit and stares
There's no use looking in your eyes cause there isn't anybody there
And though it may make you wanna cry
Got you stealing from your family and you don't even know why
I guess you think they'll understand
You feel cold, cause you sold your soul to the dopeman
Oh now there's no turning back, in fact
It's decided, that would live and die for the crack
You got no friends cause you cheated 'em all
Feel lonely, low, defeated and small
No one was there when I took the wrong path
And nobody'd care if I died in a blood bath
But is this my destiny?
Tell the lord they got my mind, but he can have the rest of me
Cause I'm ready to end it all
One bullet to the brain, forgive my sins and all
I didn't mean to be a bother
A failure as a son, a husband and a father
I wish I could turn back the time
Go back and find, why I let it crack my mind
And my only explanation, it came to this
Resist the temptation

[Hook: Amel Larrieux]
From pyramid top to bottom of bowl
From whips and locks to fist and afro
We dug too deep to give up this gold
Don't be bought, and you won't be sold
Running on empty, you ain't gon' go
Running on empty, lead you to nowhere
We fact, nobody can lie
So resist the temptation

[Verse 3: 2Pac]
Your death left family behind
Your wife and your son find a gun, and pieces of daddy's mind
On the door and on the floor
Now her husband is dead, what else is she living for?
So now she picks up the gun
Now son is the only one
Grows up in adoption homes
Gets older, bolder, and cold cause he's left alone
To him, nothing is funny
Mind set on one thing, making his money
Since I was left with no hope
I want money and gold ropes and so I slang dope
Now I'm the neighborhood dopeman
And as long cause they smoking I'll never be broke man
I live the life of a trifle
Following a cycle, so I'm just a psycho
But if I had a better life
I would have lived a good life and did more things right
Hard to resist temptation
With all the aggravation and the frustration
Of living in the ghetto
Your mind gets twisted, just like a pretzel
So it's time that I check out
But one nosy cop, just won't let me get out
They got me trapped once again
With a choice: shoot the cop, or live life in the pen
I can't stand the frustration
Resist the temptation

[Hook: Amel Larrieux]
From pyramid top to bottom of bowl
From whips and locks to fist and afro
We dug too deep to give up this gold
Don't be bought, and you won't be sold
Running on empty, you ain't gon' go
Running on empty, lead you to nowhere
We fact, nobody can lie
So resist the temptation

[Outro: 2Pac]
Five Thousand
This song go out to the Underground Railroad
Digital Underground..[Prelude: 2Pac speaking]
You know what gang violence is, mostly?
[And the people dont want you to hear this]
If somebody shoots your family member
Of course you retaliate, You know what I mean?
Same thing the U.S does except nobody even shot their family members
They see that, somebody bomb a school
And all these people get killed
So the united states feel like ooh thats messed up
We gotta go show em who tha real killers
This country was built on gangs, you know
I think this country still is run on gangs
Republicans, Democrats, The Police Department, The FBI
The CIA, those are gangs, you know what I mean
The correctional officers
I had a correctional officer tell me straight
"We the biggest gang in New York state
Straight up."

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Suppress the revolution of premeditated scheme
Introduce a drug called crack, to us ghetto teens
Got a law for raw niggas, now playa what it be like?
When will niggas see they got us bleeding with three strikes
Can't seem to focus hopeless, with violent thoughts I wrote this
Got these Devils petrified, hiding from my hocus-pocus
And so I learned to earn my currency in over time
Affiliated, clearly click a military mind
May God forgive us though we dwell inside a paradox
Thugged out and drug dealin, from the womb to the block
My live mind got me survivin five rounds
My forty-five got my fortified with live rounds
When shit's thick we plot hits, when our Glock spits
All hail, Out on Bail, Wrath of the 2Pacalypse
Forever ghetto necessary picture food stamps
Outlaw Thug Niggas never left the boot camp

[Hook: Busta Rhymes]
We got the real live shit from front to back
To my niggas in the world, 2Pac is back
Where my soldiers is at? (2X)
Where the fuck my soldiers at?
Where my soldiers is at?

[Verse 2: 2Pac]
Now I was born as a rebel, making trouble for the devil
Take this gang bang shit, to a whole (a)nother level
Can you feel me now?
Armies in every city
Definition of power
Players are you with me?
See the war is the prophecy
Survival is the strategy
Rest in peace to my comrades that deceased

[Busta Rhymes: yells "Notorious B.I.G!"]

[Verse 2 Cont'd: 2Pac]
Walking down the streets of time
Youll have these devils petrified of a nigga in his right mind
They tell us that we hopeless and hell bound
This fo the brothers in penetentiaries jailed down
I got you in my heart till tha day I die
Think of tha damage we can do, if we wasn't high
Can you picture me loc? Its a thugs wrath
Political contracts and blood baths
For Matulu Shakur up in the Rikers
Though they got you, I never let them stop me
The struggle continues

[Skit: 2Pac Speaking Again]
Now if we do want to live a thug life and a gangsta life and all of that
Ok, so stop being cowards and lets have a revolution
But we dont wanna do that, dudes just wanna live of character
They wanna be cartoons, but if they really wanted to do something
If they was that tough, alright, lets start our own country
Lets start a revolution, lets get out of here, lets do something

[Hook: Busta Rhymes]
We got the real live shit from front to back
To my niggas in the world, 2Pac is back
Where my soldiers is at? (2X)
Where my soldiers at?
Where my soldiers is at?[Intro: 2Pac]
Would you ride for me?
Would you ride for me?
You lyin' if you want to ride for me
I mean all out, not just to fuck
I mean all that shit

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Look, I need more than just romantic feelings
When shit is frantic need a bitch
That’s just as scandalous when fuckin' this killer
To be appealin', have a bachelor in cold feelings
Mind for numbers same to wonder with this drug dealin'
Thug feelings make me a villain to the PH imbalance of civilians
Don't let those hurt feelings turn this lesson into a killin'
Game spillin', my prophecy fulfillin'
To be involved with the killin' must be a immune to squealin'
Listen lady what does it take to get you hot and crazy
Pass you a loaded 38 and bust on fools who play me
This is how I plan a night
First we ride on the bustas then we dine
Eatin' dinner by candlelight
Be alert and put in works with a thugz passion
I'm a king, and you the queen up in thugz mansion
Me, I'm a never be a busta, I ride for keeps
I know you shy but please reply, would you ride for me?

[Hook: 2Pac]
Tell me baby would you ride for me?
Bust on them mother fuckers when they lie to me?
Now don't you ever tell a lie, just confide in me
Would you die for me?, Tell me baby would you ride for me?
Tell me baby would you ride for me?
Would you bang on them niggas when they lie to me?
Don't you ever tell a lie, just confide in me
Would you die for me?, Tell me baby would you ride for me?

[Verse 2: Hussein Fatal]
Come on baby, won't you ride for me?
Do the time for me just cock back the 9 and see
How many niggas put a gun in your hand
Tell you to take what you can while you runnin' with your man
On my order you shoot, straight countin' the loot
You disguised in my boots, slip and slide in the coupe..
Unorthodox trippin' catch him on missions
Styles twisted daily weak MC's trail me show me how tellin' me
Smoke me instead of jailin' me
You know it ain't no Fatal dog and "J" without felony at the telly they yellin' me
Play me I give you one try
And I'll let you live long enough to let you see your son die
This evilness and wizardry Thug Life specifically it can be
Found as deadly as them bullets that keep missin' me
So what I'm 'posed to do
Just to open up your eyes and see (that's right) you got it good
All you have to do is ride for me

[Hook: 2Pac]
So Tell me baby would you ride for me?
Would you bomb on niggas when they lie to me?
Now don't you ever tell a lie, just confide in me
Would you die for me?, Tell me baby would you ride for me?
Tell me baby would you ride for me?
Would you bomb on niggas when they lie to me?
Now don't you ever tell a lie, just confide in me
Would you die for me?, Tell me baby would you ride for me?

[Verse 3: Kurupt]
It was a nice sunny day I was dippin' through the hood
Seen all my homies and it was all to the good
I'm Kurupt, the half-inch villian cold chillin'
From the floor to the ceilin' and illegal livin' civillians
So much cash is in the bundles
Been there and done done it everything you've done seen and ever wanted
I'm Kurupt, piece me up a piece of the pie
Many try but many die in attempts to ride
Who's the man with ten thousand plans got the grants and my my squad
We world wide homicidal clan
So many strech their arms out to touch my loot but fuck 'em dog
Beware of the owner cuz the owner will shoot
Meet the dog in the worst way and a nigga like me's tight on my worst day
I been rockin fuckin' mics since the first day my eyes opened wide
And finally realized tell me baby would you ride for me

[Hook: 2Pac]
So Tell me baby would you ride for me?
Would you bomb on niggas when they lie to me?
Now don't you ever tell a lie, just confide in me
Would you die for me?, Tell me baby would you ride for me?
Tell me baby would you ride for me?
Would you bomb on niggas when they lie to me?
Now don't you ever tell a lie, just confide in me
Would you die for me?, Tell me baby would you ride for me?

[Verse 4: Scarlo]
Open up my eyes, can't get up I'm feelin' weak
One too many nickies, take a quickie hit them streets
Pass the coke to me no weed, I'm already high
Don't need no Indo, crack the window
Bump the deck and let me ride
Niggas always fuckin' with me cause they don't know
Named me crazy when I was a baby, I'm not that ho
Heard I was a Brood Lord, struck a nerve
I'm swervin' off of Alizé so eat a word
This one in '96 for cruisin' off ?
Hard dick thriller still bitch killer
Fuckin' kibbles and bits
Niggas won't admit, got this industry on lock down
Ego trippin' I got tits
I got my crazed bitches and get my shouts out
Catch you with your pants down
Blow your fuckin' brains out
Steelo kind of sick, you know I be that bitch
And fuck Judge Ido cause he can eat a dick
It didn't have to be like this to see you made me trip
So pull a bullet out your ass fool, ego trip

[Hook: 2Pac]
So Tell me baby would you ride for me?
Would you bomb on niggas when they lie to me?
Now don't you ever tell a lie, just confide in me
Would you die for me?, Tell me baby would you ride for me?
Tell me baby would you ride for me?
Would you bomb on niggas when they lie to me?
Now don't you ever tell a lie, just confide in me
Would you die for me?, Tell me baby would you ride for me?Chorus
We better 
Tell me what youre gonna do
If we ride or die?
(repeats)
. take one step out of time
. were gonna party all night
. by my side
I love you how youre loving me
Were gonna make steps one two three four
You will be on my mind all the time
Ride or die
Is what I adore
If I got you
And you got me
I promise were gonna be the ones
The ones
 no fun
Were gonna run
Run run run
Were gonna run
Run run run
ChorusMy road to glory filled with thorns
Fluent thoughts from my brain and I train to remain strong
They said I couldn’t do it, lock me in chains 'til I
My struggles closer to the pain of a trained killer
Please believe that I’ll never be shamed again
Again I'll be the next heavyweight champion
Call me crazy but no one can fade me
I’m the product of the projects, lost and crazy
Throw your hands up, Mr. Bruno, RIIDE
Big Mike Tyson 'bout to brutalize that ass tonight
No hesitation in front for the whole nation
I beat that ass so bad I prolly violate probation
Through demonstration as I strategize information
Intend to kill so it’s real like I’m catching cases haha
Let the world know I planned to die
If I don’t leave with what I came for I’ll be denied

[Hook]
Now, my first round is for the times that I spent in this cell
My second round is for the media and the lies they tell
The third round is for the pain that I felt inside
Best recognize I won’t be denied
When we ride
First round is for the times that I spent in this cell
My second round is for the media and the lies they tell
The third round is for the pain that I felt inside
Best recognize I won’t be denied
When we ride[Intro]
[Stretch:] One time, one time, nigga, one time! (Where?)

Runnin' from the police (Yeah, I know what you mean)
No matter what I do, they got a nigga
Still runnin' from the police
(Put them motherfucking Nike's on tight and get ghost y'all)

[Verse 1: Dramacydal]

[Young Hollywood]
I ain't got nuttin' on my mind, but gettin' in some trouble
Licking shots to they block, leavin' bloody blood puddles
For some ridah's delight, now we in a gunfight
I can shoot the gauge pebbles at the devils or die tonight
It's on me, but if I die, bury me a motherfucking G
A open casket on them bastards so they all remember me
With my vest on my chest, my tools and my piece
Thug Life motherfucker, got me runnin' from the police

[K-Dogg]
Nigga, you know that's true
Catch a nigga like K-Dog, chillin' with a crew
Every damn day parlay with my glass of Re
The O.J. and it's all okay
To that fuckin' fake cop, got to play the man
Ran me down the block with my glass in my hand
Damn, I hope it don't spill
Nigga chill, shit is real, cock back my steel

[Big Malcolm]
Still runnin' from the police, I gets no sleep
I got you peepin' in my window, while I'm smokin' indo
But I ain't no motherfucking track star, pigs got a jeep
Like Big Malcolm, runnin' through motherfucker's backyards
So I grabs my piece before I flee
And instead of me runnin', these bitches is runnin' from me
Lick shots, hit spots off on my piece
Cause a nigga like Big Malcolm is through runnin' from the police

[Hook: Buju Banton]
Now it's war, me trying to sell, runnin' from the punk po-lice
They try to cock me, but them can't gun store
What about they come to hold up me north
Pulled up the park, I left school and let's buck
Look around, look around, punk po-lice
Run as fast as you can, but you can't catch me
Look around, look around, punk police
Me have to blast back, cause they blast at me

[Verse 2]
[Stretch]
Yo I was, schemin' and fiendin' for loots and took the crooked route to
Ghetto fame I felt the pains and now I run the game
The insane brain, cold gettin' fly like a plane
On them suckers with my nigga Biggie Smalls causin' ruckus

[The Notorious B.I.G.]
Check it, I grew up, a fuckin' screw-up
Got introduced to the game, got a ounce and fuckin' blew up
Choppin' rocks overnight
The nigga Biggie Smalls tryin' to turn into the black Frank White

[Stretch]
And we got the workers choppin' rock, fiends by the flock
And we gettin' it, the dirty cop is jealous so they sweatin' it
I'm lettin' off smoke, hope they don't play me for no joke
And provoke the homicide, so just let the drama slide
We keepin' it real, fuck how you feel, Biggie pass the steel
Let's serve these motherfuckers, slugs as a fuckin' meal

[The Notorious B.I.G.]
We had to grow dreads to change our description
Two cops is on the milk box missin'
Show they toes you know they got stepped on
A fist full of bullets a chest full of Teflon
Run from the police picture that, nigga, I'm too fat
I fuck around and catch a asthma attack
That's why I bust back, it don't phase me
When he drop, take his Glock, and I'm Swayze
Celebrate my escape, sold the Glock, bought some weight
Laid back, I got some money to make, motherfucker

[Hook: Buju Banton]
Now it's war, me trying to sell, runnin' from the punk po-lice
They try to cock me, but them can't gun store
What about they come to hold up me north
Pulled up the park, I left school and let's buck
Look around, look around, punk po-lice
Run as fast as you can, but you can't catch me
Look around, look around, punk police
Me have to blast back, cause they blast at me

[Verse 3: 2Pac]
They got me runnin' from the five-o
Duckin' and dodgin' and my survival
Depends on when I let off with my nine, ho
I'm movin' swifter than the next nigga, no time for sex
Cause in my mind all I wonder is who's next
Nigga, my homie slipped and now he pays the price
He did a drive-by, sixteen, now he's doin' triple life
Tell me is it me or my upbringin'
I spit that thug shit
Nigga, motherfuck singin'
I hope you got your Timberlands on tight
Cause I ain't givin' up
I'd rather duck these motherfuckers all night
I'm runnin' through the projects, biatch
They'll never catch me
Cause I'm loc'ed and trigger happy on the, sniatch
Don't say you never heard of me, til they murder me
I'm a legend
Do thug niggas go to heaven?
I'm rollin' with the Thoro Headz
We gettin' ghost on them hoes and yo
I got no love for the five-o
I'm runnin' from the police

[Hook: Buju Banton]
Now it's war, me trying to sell, runnin' from the punk po-lice
They try to cock me, but them can't gun store
What about they come to hold up me north
Pulled up the park, I left school and let's buck
Look around, look around, punk po-lice
Run as fast as you can, but you can't catch me
Look around, look around, punk police
Me have to blast back, cause they blast at me[Intro: 2Pac & Hussein Fatal]
Is that if you a bad boy
Yo, what's up man
(The police comin'!)
Oh shit! (Get out of there)
(Yo, get the fuck out the way)
Fatal, Outlawz runnin' up out this motherfucker
I'm going past niggas
Ain't gettin' me out the game like this, fuck that!
It's Outlaw, nigga

[Hook: 2Pac]
If you a bad boy then you die
Westside Outlawz when we ride, get me high
They fucked up when they robbed me
Put another contract on Mobb Deep
If you a bad boy then you die
Westside Outlawz when we ride, get me high
They fucked up when they robbed me
Put another contract on Mobb Deep

[Verse 1: Hussein Fatal]
I focus my locus thought on the enemy
Sick of the Hennessy, it's necessary to finish me
I'm antisocial, immortal when it come to the vocal
Jersey them niggas down, and won't approach 'em 'til it's time to smoke 'em
Hussein the terrorist
Nigga they think I'm crazy and creepy
And as we speak they try to find me a therapist
Rapid fire, I clap an eye 'til you die a liar
Strapped and next hittin' corners dropped 'em didn't want to spin the tires
My man will find ya
This 357 anaconda is enough to brand ya mama then turn around and hand you drama
Military comradery, Oulaw 'til they body me
Havoc I gotta have it steady blastin' at Prodigy
Mobb 6 feet deep, you try to bust me 'til death?
And I suppose you got the dopest moves like Chucky on fresh
You know the verdict, who, what, when and why he died murdered
Get your physical diverted and your vision deserted

[Verse 2: 2Pac]
Now ever since momma got fucked and papa ducked out
Look at us, murderous thugs showin' less love in the drug house
Similar to savages, it's a wonder we manage
Bring chaos causin' damage on our quest for cabbage
They ask my style similar to cash when flaunted
Most wanted by the population murdered you for it
Exploit your weakness revenge flow deep without release
Criminal orders across the waters bringin' the war to the streets
Why fear me? Fear the shit I speak
Once this shit drop it's heard on every fuckin' street
Like the sound of police
Who run the streets really?
In every hood legends grow
From the hustlas up in Harlem to shot callers in O'
And though, Congress, don't want us to progress, we stressed
My homie buried at an early age hustled to death
His last breath, a lesson I possess like jewels
Stay thugged out keep it movin'

(Hey where that nigga...)

[Verse 3: Yaki Kadafi]
Halfway thugs don't budge when we stalk the streets
Sort of like chalk and narcotics when they walk the beat
You speak the beef pussy, draw down and drop it
Hit you with 6 shots lay the law down and throw the shells in my pocket
Gettin' mines with nine cocked extortin'
Blocks pop with 22's in my socks with the butt hangin' out the chocolate
You never seen time I travel across dream crime
My rolls like a million dollar bill, folded with green lines
With my foes erased drink my Henney straight no chasin'
Catch my body like cases; 5 minutes from the station

[Verse 4: Young Noble]
Hit the hole like Allen Iverson with confidence
No finger prints that mean there was no evidence or proof that I was present
At the scene of the crime around 10 niggas bleed
After they made this punk, fag motherfucka bleed
Money was bloody as shit, y'all niggas shoulda seen it
Bust a cap and freak with, bowin' off to one knee shit
The Glock to your head nigga, don't make no sudden action
Hit innocent bystanders when he blastin', dumped fuckin' backwards
Little homies puttin' work for stripes
But is it worth your life and G-rides runnin' red lights
I wish somebody would have told me then
Since I'm an outlaw like Napoleon ain't no cell they can hold me in
Or cage me in, crazy like Arabians
Hold this spot like them niggas gon' fade me in
Havin' a fiend page me (page me)
When they want the product, nigga I got the smoke
Got this weed and the coke what you need what you want
What you workin' with?, I'm on some ol' immortal shit
Outlawz we straight hurtin' shit, use artillery to murder with
Put on the block, gangsta party and like 'Pac
Life's hard from the ox, me and my niggas on top (party)

[Bridge: 2Pac]
I know the law hate me dearly, comin' for me
We outlaws, thugged out, niggas runnin' on E
I know the law hate me dearly, comin' for me
We outlaws, thugged out, niggas runnin' on E
I know the law hate me dearly, they comin' for me
We outlaws, thugged out, niggas runnin' on E
I know the law hate me dearly, they comin' for me
We outlaws, thugged out, niggas runnin' on E

[Verse 5: Nuttso]
Runnin' my Glock, put the lead in pop, fuck the law
Carry steel 'cause I live on the nigga side of the law
Ridin' foes 'cause I can't let hoes catch me slippin'
Quick to blow and dispose if you plot on hittin'
Ridin' high, blazin', kryptonite got a nigga dazin'
Burpin' and smirkin' at enemies before I grave 'em
Ride up, looked behind him, I see him, he slippin'
At a stop light on this lonely night
(This motherfucka trippin')
Slide on him, so I can dip and put it in him
(Damn, I guess this motherfucker know the vicinity)
Hit the pedal now we high speedin'
With the metal tryna make these motherfuckers die speedin'
Up the way I seen him slow down
(Shit! I think I done bucked these hoes down)
Caught 'em runnin' on E, that's kinda funny to me
They knew they was funkin' with me but they dumb to see

[Verse 6: 2Pac]
Open up fire watch 'em expire when my shells split 'em
Plus all them trick-niggas bitchin can go to hell with 'em
Fuck 'em they phony claimin' they homies but they foes
Speakin' on thug niggas daily, while we nailin' they hoes
Explode boldly at my stage shows and formation
Words are known to spray blaze as I raise my thug nation
A crooked thought, cops get bought, no longer caught
Out on bail, raisin' hell, nigga fuck what you thought
Did you cry when my girl died?
Put out the hit, politic niggas worldwide, grabbin' my dick
I’ll never learn, take away the pain with sherm
Throwin' gas on my enemies watchin' 'em burn
Kamikaze, I’m shootin' up the casket take the body
Whip the corpse like a piñata and party
His last breath, a straight lesson I possess like jewels
Stay thugged out keep it movin'
Runnin' on E..

[Collision]
Stay thugged out keep it movin'
Runnin' on E
One time, one time for the niggas that stayed down for us
Runnin' on E
Smif-n-Wessun the Cocoa Brovaz, Buckshot, BDI, runnin' on E
The Bootcamp Click
What happened, that was it?[Chorus: Michel'le]
You can run the streets with your thugs
I'll just be waitin' for you
Until you get through, I'll be waitin'
You can run the streets with your thugs
I'll be waitin' for you
Until you get through, I'll be waitin'

[Collision: 2Pac]
Hey yo, Storm, honestly I think
I can fuck with a motherfucker like you
See, I don't like a motherfucker that be all lonely and shit
All up under me, tellin' me we havin' gold
In case she gold ringin' when I'm comin' home
And all of that ol' crazy shit, what type of life I live

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Now peep it, here go the secret on how to keep a playa
Some love makin' and homecookin', I'll see you later
It don't take a lot to keep a nigga heart
Must be a lady in the light but real freaky in the dark
Plus I got some enemies, baby, hold my pistol
And wrap your arms around a nigga every time I kiss you
Can you visualize the picture: me and you in ecstasy?
Don't be upset, it's good sex, when you next to me
Do you wanna test me, put your tired head on my chest?
A thug nigga's in the house, now you can rest
I bet'cha never screamed a nigga's whole name out
And felt the pleasure and the pain
About to fuck the very taste out your mouth
You can call me when you need me
1-800-SKYPAGE, when you wanna see me
'Cause I can be your man and, baby, you can be my lady
But you gotta give a nigga space or you'll drive me crazy
Run the streets

[Chorus: Michel'le]
You can run the streets with your thugs
I'll be waitin' for you
Until you get through, I'll be waitin'
You can run the streets with your thugs
I been waitin' for you
Until you get through, I'll be waitin'

[Collision: Storm]
Yo 'Pac, you know I'm 16 strong behind you boo
But I gotta do what I gotta do
I gotta run the streets, you know
I ain't no "clean up in one minute" type of ho
You know

[Verse 2: Storm]
Now me and you was cool, but I ain't the one to play the fool
Can't make no money in bed, so ain't no future fuckin' you
I ain't the bitch to love ya, can't do a damn thang for you
If you ain't about money, nine times outta ten I'll ignore you
It's a man's world, but real women make the shit go 'round
Disrespect and I clown the type of bitch to throw down
Throw up the block 'cause nothin' stops my chips
I boss play ya with this, then twist you lame tricks
Holla if you understand my plan, ladies, fuck havin' babies
By them shady-ass niggas, swearin' he can save me
My strategy's official, checkin' ya pockets while I tongue kiss you
Soft as tissue, so my next issue is how to diss you
They call me Storm, from the day I was born
I been known to break the coldest mothafucka 'til his heart's warm
I ain't never been the type to wait at home alone
Just 'cause we bone don't mean you own me, nigga, I'm grown

[Chorus: Michel'le]
You can run the streets with your thugs
I'll be waitin' for you
Until you get through, I'll be waitin'
You can run the streets with your thugs
I'll be waitin' for you
Until you get through, I'll be waitin'

[Collision: 2Pac]
Hahhahaha, yeah nigga
Let a nigga hang out with the homies, you know, baby
Ay, a nigga that hang out more will come home and love you better—you feel me, sweetheart? Let a nigga be free!
Don't have a nigga all up under you!
Let him run with his niggas!
Let the nigga run the street, boo, let him run the streets!

[Verse 3: Mutah]
I'd rather run the streets than make some mail
And put the game down tight
For these gamin' bitches could get it right
It might be a plan that I'm choosin'
Don't get in confusion
Because I'm known for showin' examples how I do it
Thinkin' I'm new to this because I'm younger
Where I'll only leave you suspicious and to wonder
And at the end I make a come up
Nigga, was raised up off of M.O.B
Fetti over somethin' that's tellin' me don't run the streets

[Verse 4: 2Pac]
So tell me, am I wrong
For tryin' to communicate through a song?
I'm up early in the morning, by sunrise I'll be gone
All my homies is waitin' for me
Plottin' on plans that we made and all the fun that it's gonna be
So meet me at 3' and don't be late, nigga
We hangin' out all night while drinkin' straight liquor
I heard it's poppin' at a club
But they say I can't get in 'cause I'm dressed like a thug
Until I die I'll be gang related
Got me strivin' for a million, stayin' motivated
Now that we made it, it's a battle just for the big money
I'm livin' wild, no smiles, 'cause ain't a thing funny
I came up hungry, just a lil nigga tryna make it
I only got one chance so I gotta take it
You never know when it's all gonna happen
The rappin' or the drugs
But until then give me love and let me run the streets

[Chorus: Michel'le]
You can run the streets with your thugs
I'll be waitin' for you
Until you get through, I'll be waitin'
You can run the streets with your thugs
I'll be waitin' for you
Until you get through, I'll be be waitin'

[Outro: 2Pac]
Let a nigga run the streets, boo
I hate you, hahah, I'll call you back
Just let me hang with my niggas
Why you actin' like that Michel'le, ha?
You know nigga wanna kick it with his homeboys and shit
I told you I was comin' back later on, right?
So you don't believe a nigga?
Just cook for a nigga, pleaaase!
Make some of that shit you made last meal
Some of them ribs and shit
I'll be back through later tonight, I'm havin' some weed
We finna drink some Hennessy and some Alize
We finna eat that foods, smoke a lil blunt
Lay up in the bed, watch out Jay Leno or somethin'
Then after that, shit, do whatever comes to mind, baby
Just let a nigga run with the homies
Let me go kick it with my niggas
When I come back, I be all yours, for real

[Chorus: Michel'le]
You can run the streets with your thugs
I'll be waitin' for you
Until you get through, I'll be waitin'
You can run the streets with your thugs
I'll be waitin' for you
Until you get through, I'll be waitin'[Intro]
Are you still down?
Are you still down?
Are you still down?

[Verse 1]
Now up and at 'em it's on, I was raised to be strong
And mama told me be a thug, since the day I was born
I came up, out the gutter never changed my style
Got for real about my papers, 'cause the game was wild
And the fame was a plot to try to change me
And what's strange is, nobody knew my name 'fore it came
Now the whole world is calling me a killer
All I ever did, was try to reach the kids with the real
All the time I was ballin', never heard my friends callin'
Couldn't stop myself from fallin', I'm all in
Shit's gettin' sleazy, believe me
Best to take what ya need, but don't be greedy
'Cause in my mind, I see sunshine
I thought I didn't have to run
Now I'm duckin' from the gun yellin' "One time!"
Take your time to feel my record
And if you did, chill a second
My blind method, will still wreck it
My young homies stay strong
I wonder if they'll listen to a nigga when he gone
Are you still down?

[Chorus]
Raise 'em up ... are you still down?
Raise 'em up ... are you still down?
Raise 'em up ... are you still down?
Raise 'em up ... are you still down?
Raise 'em up ... are you still down?

[Verse 2]
I'm gettin' high, so a nigga think, he touch the sky
Turn tough inside, in the rush to die
Livin' life as a thug, time to face the truth
What's goin' on with the wasted youth, please God
Come and save me, had to work with what ya gave me
And got a nigga goin' crazy
I can't read the signs
I'm blind, but a nigga know he need his nine
'Cause times, they ain't what they used to be
Ain't a penitentiary built big enough for me
And my niggas on the streets, man, listen
'Cause these ain't the old days
Ain't no way, I'm bustin' my ass and gettin' no pay
It seems I can't find my focus and homie, I ain't paranoid
I seen the future and it's hopeless
Lord knows, it's hard on a young scrub
It seems I had less problems when I slung drugs
But since I'm tryin' lace, niggas with the game
Wanna see me locked in chains, tryin' to dirty up my name
And them same motherfuckers that was callin' me
Will be the first to turn their backs, when I'm fallin', see
I should have seen it from the jump, but now it's clear
This one nigga got the town in fear, but are you still down

[Chorus]
Raise 'em up ... are you still down?
Raise 'em up ... are you still down?
Raise 'em up ... are you still down?
Raise 'em up ... are you still down?
Raise 'em up ... are you still down?

[Verse 3]
I wrote this for my critics and my enemies
Last year ya used to love me, huh, remember me
Now ya hate me with a passion, tryin' to get me stuck in the mix
I'm stayin' sharp, got no time for them tricks
And now they wonder if I'm goin' to jail
Just as well, 'cause my life on the streets - a livin' hell
And I can't sleep, they got my phone tapped
And mercy Lord, come get me 'fore they hurt me
Ran outta tears, and through the years couldn't change me
My daddy left me alone and so I'm angry
I never did nothin' wrong, my mama told me, "Baby, it's on!"
And now I'm hustlin' and bustin' them bones
Never said it came easy, I'm makin' G's
Buyin' all the things on TV, and gettin' skeezed
Wish my homeboys could see me now
Little bad motherfucker runnin' wild through the town
Please tell me, are you still down?

Are you still down? Raise 'em up. Remember me
Are you still down? Raise 'em up. Remember me
Are you still down? Raise 'em up
Are you still down? Raise 'em up. Remember me
Are you still down? Raise 'em up. Remember me
Are you still down? Raise 'em up. Remember me
Are you still down? Raise 'em up
Are you still down? Raise 'em up. Remember me
Are you still down? Raise 'em up. Remember me
Are you still down? Raise 'em up. Remember me
Are you still down? Raise 'em up

[Outro]
That's right y'all, give them bitches the motherfuckin' middle finger
Raise 'em up
These hoes can't fade me, don't these bitches know we crazy?
Thug life niggas be the sickest
You feel me?
Now get that shit written down
God damn!
Took four years and a motherfuckin' case for these motherfuckers to feel me
Ain't that a bitch?
Are you still motherfuckin' down?
Old ho ass fake ass niggas
We out this motherfucker though[2Pac talking]
Fuck all these motherfucker's talking all this old bullshit
Like niggas just gonna accept that old trash ass shit
We ain't having none of this old shit
These niggas about to come up straight short
Cause we about to get buck wild on you motherfucker's

[Verse 1]
Prepare for the wrath, a psychopath when this song play
Get iller than Johnny Gill, then rub you the wrong way
Fuck sensitivity I get cruel when you're doing me
Cause none of the rough stuff bitch stop pursuing me
So true to the game, it's a name you don't dare say
A lyrical lunatic when I kick it you're scared straight
Motherfucker's fall pray to the roster
You step any closer and get hit with a dose of
The iller-fied pimping-ass gang to bang to
And I ain't ashamed to, get wicked with slang too
Niggas know, when I flow, I can give you mo'
Get sicker than psycho, and won't let the Mic, go
'Til I hear the whole crowd on they two feet
As I go through new beats, I'm running through MC's
Nigga please you dizzy, you can't take me
You stumble through break beats but you'll never fade me
Scared straight cause you hate, when I motivate
You suffer a different fate, with music I mutilate
But some of the super suckers try to stop me
I'm gunning and running the stupid motherfuckers now they jock me
What if I should trip? Or chill and a give fair break
Fuck it they feel the wrath of a motherfucker scared straight

[Hook]
You scared motherfucker you scared?
I know you scared motherfucker you scared (Ah, yeah, scared straight)
Cause I can hear your heart beating, heavy breathing
I can see the sweat, trickling from your head
You scared motherfucker you scared?
I know you scared motherfucker you scared (When your heart's beating)
Cause I can hear your heart beating, heavy breathing
I can see the sweat, trickling from your head

[Verse 2]
Feel the 'Fever In The Funk House' buster you'll get rolled on
No matter how much they bring, I duck and dodge and hold on
Best a watch the swing
Nigga the game is so strong, catch me by surprise
You won't realize your ho's gone
Nigga I'm on the creep
And if I know your address, girls as good as stuck
She eating my Mr. Badness
Pac don't give a fuck, I got too many enemies
Fucking with the ginger juice the booze of fucking Hennessy
The closer they can get
But still don't let them see me sweat, suckers ain't trying to step
They know they'll be breathing they last breath
Niggas ain't got no heart, but swear that they be rocking shit
'Til they get a load of the bold ass 2Pacalypse
Tell them to bring the noise, and look like they wanna rift
Brother this is ain't a game, a crook's what's you're fucking with
Hitting him with the flurry, I'll bury him if he steps to me
Suckers can't get next to me, tripping off some Ecstasy
Literal life insanity, even a form of suicide
This ain't BBD, try doing me you're do or die
Dropping them like a Mack, and smacking them like a weak bitch
Nigga don't even twitch
Cause them I'mma have to pull the switch
Victory to the switch, so fuck 'em if they, try to break
Freaking 'em with the funk left them drunk
Hella scared straight
Hell yeah
Scared straight

[Hook] - 4X

This 2Pacalypse in this motherfucker
And I'm scared straight
My motherfucker partners in the house[Intro]
Ahhh
(Step a star, star, step a star)
(Everybody)
(Set it off)
(What ya want, what ya want)
(Border l-ine)
(What?)
(Border l-ine)
(What?)
(Border l-ine)
(What ya want, what ya want)

[Verse 1: Asu & Tek]
Another story of the territorial
Only difference from that one is this one is a-blazin' more of you
Have it and be ready, 'fore the confrontation
I stand in attack formation
Find the borderline and bring together One Nation

[Verse 3: 2Pac]
It's time to flash back to tre bags, buddha smoking Lambs bread
Need another case, like I need bullets in my damn head
What's that you speakin' on, fly-rican get your freakin' on
Brothers get to blastin' when they realize that the weekends gone
Your speakers blown 'cause my base blows
Those lyrics how I lace them when I brake foes
Now, we maintainin' players go through basic trainin'
Outlawz, bow down best the records out the game, set it off

[Interlude]
Set it off on the West y'all
The party's guaranteed to be like habitable
Most of all last call for alcohol that last all night
We got beats so it's all right, we all tight
(That's how we do it from the West to the East)
(You wanna hit that)

[Hook]
Set it off on the West y'all
Set it off on the East y'all
Set if off, s-set it off, set if off, s-set it off
Set it off on the West y'all
Set it off on the East y'all
Set if off, s-set it off, set if off, s-set it off

[Bridge]
One Nation under a group
Gettin' down just for the smoke of it
One Nation under a group
Nothing can stop us now

[Verse 4: Capital LS]
(Yo L what you dealin' with?)
I'm dealin' with that bullshhh
That off the wall shhh
That make that transmission start shhh
Well I was thinkin' along the lines
Ghetto rhymes, frontin' asses of all kinds
I ain't got the time for the Versace designs
Fakes ass crews claiming they controllin' crime
I think I'm finna show 'em what time it is
Greg Nice lets show 'em what time it is
Come on boy

[Verse 5: Greg Nice]
I collect the dough like Reuben Kincaid
Been a Hip-Hop junkie ever since fifth grade
Early to rise, we gotta get paid
Sometimes I rock afro sometimes I rock a fade
Send them hugs and kisses to the girls across the map
Don't be shy, baby lay on my lap
Keep my eye open just in case of booby-trap
Slap me baby I slap you back, back

[Hook]
Set it off on the West y'all
Set it off on the East y'all
Set if off, s-set it off, set if off, s-set it off
Set it off on the West y'all
Set it off on the East y'all
Set if off, s-set it off, set if off, s-set it off

[Bridge]
One Nation under a group
Getting down just for the smoke of it
One Nation under a group
Nothing can stop us now
Ha, ha, ha, ha

[Verse 6: Buckshot]
Set it off from the sun rise
'Til the skies turn red like the Beady Eyes
And the bees realize the allies
Reflect bullets like alloys
P-p-p-port-port
Yo G, D-O-G raisin' the flag for pen's who brag
But keep the heat up in the back
But they quick to get jet lagged
They lag when they jet, when the G in the formation of a formed set
I bet, (I bet) thought the flame was lost
But the flame was tossed
To the boss dedicated to givin' the boys horse
Of course, take it out of proportion
If you with the course dedicated to floss the invincible force
Set it off

[Hook]
Set it off on the West y'all
Set it off on the East y'all
Set it off, come on now, set it off come on
Set it off on the West y'all
Set it off on the East y'all
Set if off, s-set it off, s-set if off, set it off

[Bridge]
One Nation under a group
Gettin' down just for the smoke of it[Chorus]
Said he wanna be, shorty's gonna be a thug
Said he wanna be, one day he's gonna be
Said he's gonna be, shorty's gonna be a thug
Said he's gonna be, one day he's gonna be
Said he wanna be, shorty's gonna be a thug!
Said he wanna be, one day he's gonna be
Said he wanna be, shorty's gonna be a thug

[Verse 1]
Was a nice middle-class nigga
But no one knew the evil he'd do when he got a little bigger
You'd often find him blazed, for puffing on a Newport
Plotting on another way to catch a case
Was only 16, yet convicted as a felon
With a bunch of old niggas, but you the only one ain't tellin'
I tell you it's a cold world, stay in school
You tell me it's a man's world, play the rules
And fade fools, break rules until we major
Blaze up, getting with hoes through my pager
Was raised up, commence to money-makin' tactics, uh
It's getting drastic, niggas got automatics
My finger's on the trigger
Tell the Lord to make way for another straight thug nigga
I'm sitting, getting buzzed, looking for some love
From the homies, ‘cause shorty wanna be a thug

[Chorus]
Said he's gonna be, said he's gonna be
One day he's gonna be, shorty's gonna be a thug
Said he's wanna be, said he's wanna be
One day he's gonna be, shorty's gonna be a thug
Said he's gonna be, one day he's gonna be
Said he wanna be, shorty's gonna be a thug
Said he wanna be, one day he's gonna be
Said he wanna be, shorty's gonna be a thug

[Verse 2]
Straight from the hall to the pen'
An adolescent nigga standing way higher than six feet ten
He carried weight, like a Mack truck
Gonna bust on playa haters, if them mothafuckas act tuff
Then that's when, a lethal weapon with the razor
This little nigga smoking weed and getting blazed up
No one could figure, when the guns blast, pull the trigger
Could take the life of a young nigga, guns bigger
No mother and father, you see, the nigga's all alone
Old timers my role model, the war zone
Been laced with this game 'til it's a part of me
My heart don't beat no fear, and that ain't hard to see
The future is looking dim
I'm tryin' to make a profit out of living in this sin
I'm in the dark, getting buzzed, looking for some love
Out with the homies, ‘cause shorty wanna be a thug

[Chorus]
Said he's gonna be, said he's gonna be
One day he's gonna be, shorty's gonna be a thug
Said he's wanna be, one day he's gonna be
Said he's gonna be, shorty's gonna be a thug
Said he's wanna be, one day he's gonna be
Said he wanna be, shorty's gonna be a thug
Said he wanna be, one day he's gonna be
Said he wanna be, shorty's gonna be a thug

[Outro]
Shorty's gonna be a thug
Little bad ass nigga, to the young niggas
Gotta stay sharp, nigga, play your part!
Got plenty of time (you bad mothafuckas)
You only get three mistakes, and then it's life, big baby
(Niggas craaazy) Watch the signs!
Damn, nigga! Sixteen, nigga?
Sixteen?! Too bad, mothafuckers[Intro: 2Pac & Nate Dogg]
Hey Nate, you know you got the vocals on this motherfucker
We finna talk about these scandalous hoes
I can talk about scandalous bitches
I know you can!
I know you, that's why we finna do it
Daz on the beat
Hey Daz, nigga, stop fuckin' around with the piano, nigga
Just drop that shit like uhh, this here

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
I met you through my homie, now you act like you don't know me
So disappointed 'cause baby that shit was so phoney
It's not for me, you see no lovin' from my closest homies
Woulda paid you no mind, but baby, you was all up on me
While you proceed with precision, you had the table hosed
No, I ain't mad at you, baby, go 'head and play them fools
They chose not to listen, so now he stuck inside his house
And can't leave without his bitch permission
The mission's to be a playa, my alias is Boss
Drop a top on these jealous niggas, playa, let me floss
Y'all don't wanna see me in pain
I'll leave that ass like Toni Braxton, never breathin' again
It's scandalous, I never liked your backstabbin' ass, trick
Used to watch you money grabbin', who you baggin', bitch?
Ready to bust, in the city, you don't know who to trust
But bitches lookin' scandalous

[Chorus: Nate Dogg]
Scandalous (She's so scandalous, she's so scandalous)
She's so scandalous (She's so scandalous, she's so scandalous)
Scandalous (She's so scandalous, she's so scandalous)
She's so scandalous (She's so scandalous, she's so scandalous)

[Verse 2: 2Pac]
How's it hangin'? 'Cause baby, from the back, this shit is bangin'
I've been stressing in this ghetto game, trying to do my thang
Won't be no bullshit, no ass-kissin'
This bitch'll have ya wakin' up with all your cash missin'
I'm askin', as if I'm qualified to analyze
You're lookin' at a bitch who specialize in tellin' lies
She got a body make a motherfucker fantasize
Her face ain't never shed a tear through them scandalous eyes
My sister precious in poverty
Plus I knew she was a freak bitch, so why should it bother me?
I'd probably be sprung, addicted to the heat of her tongue
And though I don't know where we're goin', she's makin' me come
I've been trained as a boss playa, so what you saying?
Let me show you, got some hookers we can toss later
Before I let her get me, I got her
Went in her purse took a hundred dollars
Nigga, I'm so scandalous

[Chorus: Nate Dogg]
Scandalous (She's so scandalous, she's so scandalous)
She's so scandalous (She's so scandalous, she's so scandalous)
Scandalous (She's so scandalous, she's so scandalous)
She's so scandalous (She's so scandalous, she's so scandalous)

[Verse 3: 2Pac]
Dangerous and ambitious, while schemin' on gettin' riches
I'm spittin' at tricks 'cause I'm addicted to pretty bitches
Currency motivated, not easily terminated
Now that we made it, my niggas can never be faded
This is my prophecy, I gotta be paid
All you cowards that try to stop me is beggin' for early graves
I thought we was cool, I was a fool, thinkin' you could be true
When I don't fuck with your punk crew
These are the tales for my niggas doin' time in the cell
I went from hell, to livin' well
Busting at niggas who said my name in vain
I got no time for them tricks, I'm heavy in the game
I wanna be a baller, please
But the bitches and the liquor keep on calling me
I'm tokin' free on the highway, formulatin' plans
Can't wait til I see L.A., 'cause it's so scandalous

[Chorus: Nate Dogg]
Scandalous (She's so scandalous, she's so scandalous)
She's so scandalous (She's so scandalous, she's so scandalous)
Scandalous (She's so scandalous, she's so scandalous)
She's so scandalous (She's so scandalous, she's so scandalous)

[Outro: 2Pac]
Ayo, how the pretty bitch be, the more scandalous the ho be
You ever peep that shit? (Nah)
A bitch can be like 15, fuckin' with a nigga 35
Gettin' him for everything
Hoes these days is way too motherfuckin' intelligent
When these niggas get to trickin', hahaha, it's over then
That's aight though
Keep a nigga heavy in the game
Watch them hoes
All you niggas out there
Beware these lying-ass scandalous bitches
They will leave yo' ass on E[Intro: 2Pac]
Quit starin' at me like an infrared nigga
Don't fall to sleep
You can get ya cash on nigga if ya peep
Other niggas close they eyes
Seein' dreams in they sleep
But don't fall asleep
Don't fall to sleep
You can get ya cash on

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Pictures of penny, sippin' my glass full of Henny
Hands on my semi—automatic kill for pennies
Approach for contact, 'cause I'm live I multiply
Soon as I open fire, niggas die wit' open eyes
Scare to take a nap, it's a trap, a long maze
Dreamin' of gettin' stacks, makin' scratch the wrong way
What the song say, we murder motherfuckers daily
Black out blow the crack out, my lyrics never fail me
I inhale strong weed, then release the stress
Deliver the bomb shit from the east to west
Like yay-yo
Niggas pull out when I say so
Commence to poppin' motherfuckers copy me, it’s fatal
Efficiently I delete then flee
The art of war, livin' sucka free, get wit' me
Motherfucker don't sleep

[Chorus: 2Pac]
Don't go to sleep
You can get ya cash on nigga if ya peep
Other niggas close they eyes
Seein' dreams in they sleep
But don't fall asleep
Don't go to sleep
You can get ya cash on nigga if ya peep
Other niggas close they eyes
Seein' dreams in they sleep
But don't fall asleep

[Verse 2: Young Buck]
I'm starin' through my rear view, doin' 'bout 90
The pedal to the metal, so I can't see what's behind me
Buckle up your seat belt eyes on the road
They know we ridin' dirty gotta play it how it go
They close down the projects the clubs been closed
And then they wonder why niggas breakin' down o's
I'm a run away slave
Ya get it nigga off the chain
I got that thug life shit runnin' through my veins
And now they scare, they know that I been heaven sent
And yeah we know the dope comin' from the president
But look at us, we ain't got shit to lose
Feel like we ballin' if we got a new pair of tennis shoes
In the ghetto or better yet home sweet home
This is the land of the free, but to me that's wrong
I'm on my way to the white house strapped wit' my heat
So don't fall asleep
Come on niggas

[Chorus: 2Pac]
Don't go to sleep
You can get ya cash on nigga if ya peep
Other niggas close they eyes
Seein' dreams in they sleep
But don't fall asleep
Don't go to sleep
You can get ya cash on nigga if ya peep
Other niggas close they eyes
Seein' dreams in they sleep
But don't fall asleep

[Verse 3: Chamillionaire]
They say that the mo' they hate ya the mo' that it motivate ya
My mind set on grind, my mental set on the paper
62 hours and countin', and I'm still awake
And they slippin' me sleepin' pills, wit' the will I break
Broke nigga always tellin' ya how to make ya cash adjust
So I just stop listenin' and now my cash is up
Red dotted the media 'cause they always mad at us
I don't see 'em tryin' to mediate, when we get gats and bust
They just instigate and as soon as the get the tape
It's dropped from my nigga life just as soon as they get the case
Personally I ain't trippin' on all this rappin' stuff
I'm takin' back my money counter 'cause it wasn't fast enough, yep
I got a couple problems (word) and none of 'em is money
Just those that love me to pretend to love me and say they buddies
Sometimes I want to maneuver with the Ruger
To live like Freddy Krueger these nightmares just ain't as bloody
In meetings they always askin' what my passion is
(And the) money talks so I always have words to answer this (yep)
I can't relax 'cause it's like I'm a fetti activist
Might see me on TV never a mat-tress

[Chorus: 2Pac]
Don't go to sleep
You can get ya cash on nigga if ya peep
Other niggas close they eyes
Seein' dreams in they sleep
But don't fall asleep
Don't go to sleep (Don't go to sleep nigga)
You can get ya cash on nigga if ya peep
Other niggas close they eyes
Seein' dreams in they sleep
But don't fall asleep
Don't go to sleep (Sleep baby)
You can get ya cash on nigga if ya peep
Other niggas close they eyes
Seein' dreams in they sleep
But don't fall asleep
Don't go to sleep
You can get ya cash on nigga if ya peep
Other niggas close they eyes
Seein' dreams in they sleep
But don't fall asleepYeah! ha ha yeah.... thats right!
The F.A's comin striaght from the wild wild west

Look at baby girl born in 19-7-deuce
Pop's on his fix, Mom's stuck on that crazy juice
Went to school, It's all cool but in Junior Hiiigh
Little hooker in the bathroom getting hiiigh
What she doing and what she smoking, nobody knows
Is she addicted or just slipping into melbose
A bad ass broad running with the girl gang
Just got some tat's,Talking all that girl slang
First one to slap, because La vida dont matter
Wip out a cuete watch your brains get splattered
Selling them doves, hanging with thugs and all that
Beating up fools with a baseball bat
Started having sex at only 14
Imagine O.G. wears his clothes all crisp and clean
Got pregnant had a baby in December
She won't see the daddy till next September
Mom's and Pop's gave her the boot
Kicked her out La Casa, Now what Raza
With the money she got, She bought a spot of the block
Started paying the rent by slangin' phat ass coca rocks
Now shes 23 her four kids all alone, and loc'ed out
And plus shes all smoked out,the base face
You could see it in her eyes, it could also tell the tears
Of a life long cries
They was headed for self destruction
Conjunction Junction,(hey Yo!) Whats your Function?
Her own kids gotta healp, 'cause they knew she was slippin'
Took the devil away homegiiirl, You was Slippin'

CHORUS:
Slipping into Darkness
When you slip you trip and fall
Slipping into Darkness
Ain't no sense to give ya'll no love at all

They say we're slipping, as a whole one race
So, what we gonna choose, Don't want the blues
I turn to the news and what do I see
(merciless)"Everybody in the world ready to D. I. E."
We got blacks against blacks, browns against browns
Whites against whites,from governments to undergrounds
So, Peep the sound as it bumps through your stereo
Ear to your brain now check out the scenerio
Cali got quakes, Mudslides, and Floods
Pesadillas(nightmares)Crips and Bloods
Hustlas, Pimps, Shot Callers, and Killas
O.G. , Macks, and the big Coca Dealers
We got homeboys who just like kicking it
And Vato's like me who grab the mic and start splitting it
(merciless) "You're in for a phat treat trip into a phat beat"
So get closer to the funk and slip into the backseat

CHORUS X2

They wanna band me cause a brothas makin noise a lot
Ill shoot they ass in a sec wit a poisin dart
They got me runnin down the street gettin hotter
Runnin from the cops as i try to clock my Glock
The war won't stop
Thats why they wanna band the music
You ever notcie how the cops can't stand the music
See a black man coolin wit a mexican
We can all have peace, the sun sets again
They try to shove us in the pen
But we clown and we frown every time we hit the top ten
Once again, its your friend outta oakland,hopin
To keep the hip hop clubs open
Now we can lay back and let them close'm
Or we can have beef and show that we control'em
Now ain't nobody gettin paid, its a damn shame
Why gang bang brothas in the same gang?
They say securitys to blame, cause they lettin it off
Brothas come to have fun but they settin it off
One time, make it worse when they sweat us
Send an army of pigs to come get us
Now im runnin outta time and im cool down with the aztecs
This is sorta like soul food[Intro: 2Pac]
There's gon' be some stuff you gon' see
That's gon' make it hard to smile in the future
But through whatever you see
Through all the rain and the pain
You gotta keep your sense of humor
You gotta be able to smile through all this bullshit
Remember that!
Mmm, yeah, keep ya head up! Yeah

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Our lifestyles be close-captioned, addicted to fatal attractions
Pictures of actions be played back in the midst of mashin'
No fairy tales for this young black male
Some see me stranded in this land of hell, jail, and crack sales
Hustlers hardly think of culture
Or the repercussions while bustin' on backstabbin' vultures
Sellin' my soul for material wishes, fast cars, and bitches
Wishin' I live my life a legend, immortalized in pictures
Why shed tears? Save your sympathy
My childhood years were spent buryin' my peers in the cemetary
Here's a message to the newborns waitin' to breathe
If you believe, then you can achieve: just look at me!
Against all odds, though life is hard we carry on
Livin' in the projects, broke with no lights on
To all the seeds that follow me, protect your essence
Born with less, but you still precious; just smile for me now!

[Hook]
Oh smile, oh won't you smile for me?
(Oh won't you smile for me?)
(Just smile for me now)
Oh won't you smile for me
(Smile)
(What you lookin' all sad for?
Nigga, you black, smile for me now)
(All you gotta do is smile)
Oh won't you smile for me
(You ain't got nothin' to be worried about)
(No doubt, smile for me now)
(I want you to smile)
Oh won't you smile for me
(And the next generation)

[Verse 2: Scarface]
Now, as I open up my story, with the blaze of your blunts
And you can picture thoughts slowly, up on phrases I wrote
And I can walk you through the days that I done
I often wish that I could save everyone, but I'm a dreamer
Have you ever seen a nigga who was strong in the game
Overlookin' his tomorrows, and they finally came?
Look back on childhood memories, and I'm still feelin' the pain
Turnin' circles in my 9th grade, dealin' cocaine
Too many hassles in my local life, survivin' the strain
And a man without a focus, life could drive him insane
Stuck inside a ghetto fantasy hopin' it change
But when I focus on reality we broke and in chains
Had a dream of livin' wealthy and makin' it big
Over football chose to cook raw, wouldn't take but I did
And after all my momma's thankin' God for blessin' the child
All my momma gots to do now is collect it and smile; smile!

[Hook]
Oh, won't you smile for me
(Smile for me now)
Oh, won't you smile for me
Oh, won't you smile for me
Oh, won't you smile for me

[Verse 3: 2Pac]
Fuck the world, as we elope and witness furious speeds
Unanswered questions keep us all stressin', curious G's
Backstabbed and bleedin'
Crooked thoughts laced with weed, learnin'
Duckin' stray shots, bullets be hot, they burnin'
Inhalin' sherm smoke, visualize the flames
Will I be smothered by my own pain?
Strange whispers, cowards conversate, so quick to diss us
Takin' pictures for the feds in desperate hopes they'd get us
Hit us off, give us plenty centuries
Forgive my sins, since I entered many penitentiaries
The best revenge is "Fuck friends!" – we military minded soldiers
Bustin' shots blindly, tryin' to find Jehovah
To help me, somebody save me, lost and crazy
Scared to drop a seed hopin' I ain't cursed my babies
Maybe now niggas feel me now, picture my pain
Embrace my words, make the world change
And still I smile, nigga


[Outro]
Oh, won't you smile for me
(Sometimes you gotta let it feel good)
Oh, won't you smile for me
(Smile for me now)
Oh, won't you smile for me
(Oh, smile)
Oh, won't you smile for me
(Smile for me now)
(You know keep ya head up)
Oh, won't you smile for me
(Hey, keep ya head up)
Oh, won't you smile for me
(Oh, keep ya head up)
Oh, won't you smile for me
(2Pac and Scarface keep ya head up)
Oh won't you smile for me
Oh, won't you smile for meI'm going in to this not knowing what I'll find
but I've decided to follow my heart and abandon my mind
and if there be pain I know that at least I gave my all
and it is better to  have loved and lost than to not love at all
In the morning I may wake to smile or maybe 2 cry
but first to those of my past I must say goodbyeI'm going in2 this not knowing what I'll find
but I've decided 2 follow my heart and abandon my mind
and if there be pain I know that at least I gave my all
and it is better 2 have loved and lost than 2 not love at all
In the morning I may wake 2 smile or maybe 2 cry
but first 2 those of my past I must say goodbye[Intro: 2Pac]
So what I'm gonna do, hopefully, is
I wanna be… I'm, I, I'm not a "wanna be"
I am 2Pac Shakur

2Pac 2005!

[Vocal scratch]
"Guess who's back!"
"Guess who's back!"
"Guess who's back!"
"Guess who's back!"


[Refrain: 2Pac]
Everywhere I see, a soldier, a soldier
Everywhere I see, a soldier like me
Everywhere I see, a soldier, a soldier
Everywhere I see, a soldier like me
Everywhere I see, a soldier, a soldier
Everywhere I see, a soldier like me

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Posse deep as I roll through the streets
Motherfuck the police as we creep in our Jeeps
Layin' so low you'd think I'm asleep
But at the slightest beef I'm robbin' niggas of they teeth
And OPD can get the dick if they play toughy
Last time them niggas rushed me
I ain't bust, but now I'm touchy, trust me
Ain't nothin' jumpin' but these buckshots
A nigga's got enough knocks, I'm poppin' at corrupt cops
Them motherfuckers catch a hot one
You wanted to start a problem
Now you coward cops have got one
And there's no prison that can hold a
Motherfuckin' soldier, ready to roll and take control
So now I jack 'em while they sleepin'
Roll to the door, throw a grenade in the precinct
Some people panic, brothers bugged out
I had to keep poppin' ‘cause there's no stoppin' till they rubbed out
And they vest don't protect from the head wounds
Reload ammunition's and them bitches will be dead soon
Smoke risin' from the barrel of my shotty
I finally got revenge, now count the bodies
Twenty cops, one for every year in jail
Tryna keep a nigga down, but shit fails
Before I let you take me, I told ya
Fuck bein' trapped — I'm a soulja!

[Chorus: Eminem]
I bet you that I got something you ain't got
That's called courage
It don't come from no liquor bottle
It ain't Scotch, it's not bourbon
I don't walk around like no G
‘Cause that ain't me, I'm not that person
I don't try to act like you do
‘Cause that ain't you, you just frontin', you ain't?

[Verse 2: 2Pac]
2Pac and the Mad Bitch
In the six-fo' rag on them thangs, that's a bad bitch
Gettin' ghost on them bitches in the town
Bustin' out the back seat, nigga, when we clown
Homie, is you down? Dee got the strap and she anxious
Hurry up 'fore she spank shit
Comin' round the corner spittin' rounds
They can't hold me down
Caught them sucker-ass bitches outta bounds
Now tell me how that sound?
A double date laced with hate
Make 'em pray for the judgement day
Now tell me how that sound?
A double date laced with hate
Make 'em pray for the judgment day—stinkin' beyotch!

[Chorus: Eminem]
I bet you that I got somethin' you ain't got
That's called courage
It don't come from no liquor bottle
It ain't Scotch, it's not bourbon
I don't walk around like no G
‘Cause that ain't me, I'm not that person
I don't try to act like you do
‘Cause that ain't you, you just frontin', you ain't

[Refrain: 2Pac]
Everywhere I see, a soldier, a soldier
Everywhere I see, a soldier like me[Intro]
I shall not fear no man but God
Though I walk through the valley of death
I shed so many tears
If I should die before I wake
Please God walk with me
Grab a nigga and take me to Heaven

[Verse 1]
Back in elementary, I thrived on misery
Left me alone, I grew up amongst a dyin' breed
Inside my mind couldn't find a place to rest
Until I got that Thug Life tatted on my chest
Tell me, can you feel me? I'm not livin' in the past
You wanna last? Be the first to blast
Remember Kato, no longer with us, he's deceased
Call on the sirens, seen him murdered in the streets
Now he rest in peace
Is there a heaven for a G? Remember me
So many homies in the cemetery, shed so many tears

[Refrain]
I suffered through the years
And shed so many tears
Lord, I lost so many peers
And shed so many tears

[Verse 2]
Now that I'm strugglin' in this business, by any means
Label me greedy gettin' green, but seldom seen
And fuck the world 'cause I'm cursed
I'm havin' visions of leavin' here in a hearse
God, can you feel me?
Take me away from all the pressure and all the pain
Show me some happiness again
I'm goin' blind, I spend my time in this cell, ain't livin' well
I know my destiny is Hell, where did I fail?
My life is in denial and when I die
Baptized in eternal fire, shed so many tears

[Refrain]
Lord, I suffered through the years
And shed so many tears
Lord, I lost so many peers
And shed so many tears

[Verse 3]
Now I'm lost and I'm weary, so many tears
I'm suicidal, so don't stand near me
My every move is a calculated step
To bring me closer to embrace an early death
Now there's nothin' left
There was no mercy on the streets
I couldn't rest, I'm barely standin'
About to go to pieces, screamin' peace
And though my soul was deleted, I couldn't see it
I had my mind full of demons tryin' to break free
They planted seeds and they hatched, sparkin' the flame
Inside my brain like a match, such a dirty game
No memories, just a misery
Paintin' a picture of my enemies killin' me in my sleep
Will I survive 'til the morning to see the sun?
Please Lord, forgive me for my sins, 'cause here I come

[Refrain]
Lord! (God!)
I suffered through the years
And shed so many tears
God, I lost so many peers

[Verse 4]
And Lord knows I tried, been a witness to homicide
Seen drive-by's takin' lives, little kids die
Wonder why as I walk by
Broken-hearted as I glance at the chalk line, gettin' high
This ain't the life for me, I wanna change
But ain't no future bright for me, I'm stuck in the game
I'm trapped inside a maze
See this Tanqueray influenced me to gettin' crazy
Disillusioned lately, I've been really wantin' babies
So I could see a part of me that wasn't always shady
Don't trust my lady 'cause she's a product of this poison
I'm hearin' noises, think she's fuckin' all my boys
Can't take no more, I'm fallin' to the floor
Beggin' for the Lord to let me in to Heaven's door
Shed so many tears

[Refrain]
Lord, lost so many peers
And shed so many tears
I lost so many peers
And shed so many tears
Lord, I suffered many years
And shed so many tears
God, I lost so many peers
And shed so many tearsGhetto!
(laughter echoes)
I' changed?...
You motherfuckers kill me....
I've changed?

It ain't that i've changed
But it's strange how you motherfuckers rearrange
When I found fame
Point ya finger at tha bad guy!

You know what my momma used to tell me
If ya can't find something to live for..
.. then you BEST, find something to die for

(Curtis Mayfield: "If there's hell below, we're all gonna go!")
(*repeat the above throughout*)

Deep deep

La'tasha Harlins, remember that name...
Cause a bottle of juice... it's not something to die for

Young Quaid, remember that name...
Cause all you motherfuckers
That go to your grave with that name on your brain
Cause jealousy and recklessness is NOT, something to die for

All you niggas out there (echoed laughter)
Look how the cracker crumbles
When I say 'all you niggas' (all you niggas)

Unite
One nigga, teach two niggas
Four niggas teach more niggas
All the poor niggas
The pen niggas
The rich niggas
The strong niggas
UNITE

There's more of us than there is of them
Look around...
Check your strip

Deep deep
That's something to die for

Black
That's something to live for

What do I know?[Intro/Hook]
Something wicked, this way comes
Some-Something wicked, this way comes
Some-Something wicked, this way comes
Some-Something wicked, this way comes
Something wicked, this way comes
Something wicked, this way comes
(wicked) (wicked)

[Verse]
'emember
More than an adversary, I'm very quick
I'm ready to hit 'em with this gift, I'm equipped to kick
So, grab your coat and your hat, cause I'm prepared to clown
Let's carry this end that throw these motherfuckers down
Oh shit, 2Pacalypse is back and strapped
Attackin' the packs, I’m kickin' the facts on stacks o' raps
And those that max, relax, and let the blacks get jack
Are gettin' taxed, by packs and packs of angry blacks
I'm ready to go
I'm rippin' the shows, hittin' the dough
Gettin' the hoes, clothes
Pumpin' the funk, thanks to the Hump
'Cause the nose knows
Check the pose, froze, when you see me close
Punks you gonna roast, host in a cloud of smoke
Broke, choked on some potent dank smoke
Wrote, rhymes that'll bring me bank notes
Nope, I ain't the type of fella that you're used to
Ki-ki-ki-kickin' the funky flava
Pumpin' the deuce with no producers
Run for cover when you hear the bass drum
One verse is all it takes
Something wicked this way comes
(come come) (come come)

[Outro]
Something wicked, this way comes
Something wicked, this way comes
Some-Something wicked, this way comes
Some-Something wicked, this way comes
Some-Something wicked, this way comes
Some-Something wicked, this way comes
Some-Something wicked, this way comes
Some-Something wicked, this way comes
Some-Something wicked, this way comes
Some-Something wicked, this way comes
Some-Something wicked, this way comes
Some-Something wicked, this way comes
Some-Something wicked, this way comes
Some-Something wicked, this way comes
Some-Something wicked, this way comes
Something wicked, wicked, wicked, wicked
Something wicked, this way comes
Wicked something wicked, this way comes
Something wicked kick it, this way comes
Wicked kick it, this way comes
Something wicked wicked wicked wicked, this way comes
Something wicked wicked wicked wicked, this way comes
Something wicked wicked, this way comes
Wicked wicked, this way COME
{monster sounds}​[Verse 1: Dan Rockett]
Sometimes when I'm alone
I cry because I'm on my own
All the tears I cry are bitter and warm
They flow with life, and take no form
Ah the world moves fast
And it would rather pass you on by
Than to stop and see what makes you cry
It's painful, so sad, sometimes I cry

[Refrain 1: Dan Rockett]
But no one really cares..
To ask why, why, why

[Verse 2: Dan Rockett]
Well I cry because my heart is torn
I find it hard to carry on
And if I had an ear to confide in
I would cry amongst my treasured friends
A-but who do you know that stops that long
To help another carry on
Ah the world moves fast
And it would rather pass you on by
Than to stop and see what makes you cry
It's painful, so sad, sometimes I cry

[Refrain 2: Dan Rockett]
And no one really cares..
To ask why, why, why

[Guitar playing until the end][Verse 1: 2Pac]
As soon as I leave the house you wanna page me
See you got me trapped I'm going crazy this is slavery
You act like it's outrageous give me space it won't get better
And maybe we will argue and be through with all these sorry letters
Soon as I come home it's like I get the third degree
Where ya been and who you with I get no room to breathe
It makes me wanna leave
I'm sick of these tricks up your sleeve
Your suspicious I deceive give me grief without belief but to me
If you really trust me then it's pitiful
Question me about my whereabouts that's so trivial
Let me live my life and you can live yours
Just be there to help me and support that's what your here for
Not to give me stress and add to pressure
Home is where I go the rest I go to pass the test
I'm sorry if I left you all alone
But I couldn't make it home so we argue on the phone
Don't you trust me?

[Verse 2: Biggie]
I grew up a fuckin screw up
Got introduced to the game, got a ounce and fuckin blew up
Choppin rocks overnight
The nigga Biggie Smalls tryin ta turn into the black Frank White
We had to grow dreads to change our description
Two cops is on the milk box missin
Show they toes you know they got stepped on
A fist full of bullets a chest full of Teflon
Run from the police picture that, nigga I'm too fat
I fuck around and catch a asthma attack
That's why I bust back, [gun shot] it don't phase me
When he drop, take his Glock, and I'm Swayze
Celebrate my escape, sold the Glock, bought some weight
Lay back, I got some money to make, motherfucker

[Verse 3: Eazy E]
Now everythings good in my hood
And its on and pop and Eazy-Muthaphukkin-E
From East Side South Compton
Str8 givin' up the real
On how a nigga feel talk that shit
Muthaphukkaz caps get peeled
Layin' low in the cut
Gettin how than a muthaphuka niggas knows whats up
I'm that gangsta, gangsta is that what there still yellin'
Nigga G to a T saggin' and bailin'
Live by the gun you know what I'm sayin' Ren
"Yea"
So I guess I'll die by that muthaphukka then
So when I die niggas bury me
Make sure my shit reads Eazy-Muthaphukkin-E
And it's a fact to be exact my tombstone should read:
He Put Compton On That Map
And thats how a nigga feel
When I'm givin' up Tha Muthaphukkin Real[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Dear baby, it's me again, stuck inside this max pen
Tryna pay my debt for all my sins
See, these penitentiary times be so heavy on my mind
At times it's like I'm livin' just to die
I'm livin' in hell, stuck in my jail cell
Stranded in the county jail, waitin' for my chance to post bail
I wanna be paid in large stacks and mash in fast Jags
I blast and wonder "How long will I last?"
My memories fade when I'm intoxicated
Bustas are shady so I'm dumpin' on cowards crazy whenever faded
I know I said it all before, but now I mean it
Visions of me and you ballin', so crystal clear I seen it
Even though you mad at me, you'll be glad to see the strategy
Of makin' these chips come so easily
I max out in the morning, baby, life is good
Me and you against the whole hood – soon as I get home

[Chorus: 2Pac]
Grab my straps, locate my comrades
Let's get my enemies not knowin' I'm comin' back
Soon as I get home
Go get the money out the safe
It's time to turn the streets into a war zone
Soon as I come home

[Verse 2: 2Pac]
Sittin' here lookin' at pictures of me and you livin'
But now you out in the world, while I'm twistin' in prison
Love letters come daily, words of affection
You send me money and nude pictures, beggin' for some sexin'
Stay wide open, keep your eyes peeled
And my advice is "Keep it real or you can die squeelin'."
Plus, I never had to worry 'bout a visit, ‘cause you're there daily
Guards tryna get your number, you don't dare tell me
Tongue-kissin', steady humpin', tryna touch up somethin'
Before the C-O in the corner jump in, frontin'
Late night reminiscin', everybody's quiet
I think something's in the air, prepare for the riot
It's padlocks in my socks, steel from the bed springs
I touch 'em with thug love and then let they heads ring
I started a war but now I'm gone
Release me to the streets in the mornin', it's on soon as I get home

[Chorus: 2Pac]
Grab my gats, locate my comrades
Let's get my enemies not knowin' I'm comin' back
Let's get my money out the safe
It's time to turn the streets into a war zone
Soon as I get home

[Verse 3: Yaki Khadafi]
Since you've been gone
My whole life's been like a game of Cee-low
Thinkin' big, like the kid from Casino
Fulfillin' my dreams like Nino
Brown, the whole town be shook up
And me and Mama survivin'
Depends on how many rocks a young nigga cook up
Narcotics got traffic, seen those niggas you blasted
Wantin' me in a casket, on a ground, kind of plastic
Yeah, nigga, I heard, Lil' Mu gave the word
You get paroled on the third, it's all love with these herbs
We out here frontin', still here but all about nothin'
But double O's is what I'm wantin'
And I'm tryna see somethin' that we ain't never had
Luxury life, results livin' bad
Tricks of the trade, shit that shoulda been taught by Dad
But learned through the crew
Lessons between me and you
And once we lock this shit down it ain't a thing they can do
Meanwhile I stay waitin' by the phone
Hopin' I'll get a call tellin' a nigga that you home

[Chorus: 2Pac *repeats until end*]
Grab the gats, locate my comrades
Let's get my enemies not knowin' I'm comin' back
Go get my money out the safe
It's time to turn the streets into a war zone
Soon as I get home[Intro]
-[Lawyer] Mr. Shakur, can you please explain the meaning
Behind your violent lyrics?
-[2Pac] Explain the meaning?
The fuck these niggas talkin bout?
* sounds of running and sirens in background *
-[Kid] Damn...
-[Cop] Police, FREEZE!
-[Kid] Can't get shit off!
-[Cop] I said FREEZE you miserable black son of a bitch!
-[Kid] What, come on, come on!
* gun shot *

[Verse]
My attitude is shitty
My message to the censorship committee
Who's the biggest gang of niggas in the city?
The critics or the cops?
The courts or the crooks, don't look so confused
Take a closer look:
Niggas get they neck broke daily
Tryin to stay jail free
What the fuck does Quayle know
What young black males need?
Please tell me
Message to the censorship committee
Who's the biggest gang of niggas in the city?
Huh, I pack a nine millimeter cause I gotta
Livin hotter than the 4th of July, if I gotta die, I gotta
Momma told me, "Don't let em fade me..
.. nigga don't let em make you crazy!"
Game is what she gave me
Gotta watch your back, strapped
Real niggas rat-pack
If you get your ass taxed, bring a gat back
That's not the way we made it
That's just the way it is
Slangin rocks, fed a nigga's kids
I came up
My message to the censorship committee
Who's the biggest gang of niggas in the city?
Cops pull me over, check my plates, but I'm legal
You couldn't get me, figure fuck with a niggas people
They got me trapped, gat with the motherfuckin hammer back
Cops on my back, just cause I'm black, Snap
Now I'm guilty?
Message to the censorship committee
Who's the biggest gang of niggas in the city?
All you punk police will never find peace
On the streets til the niggas get a piece, fuck em!
They kill you to control ya
Pay top dollar for your soul
Real niggas don't fold, straight souljah!

[Chorus]
Can't find peace on the streets
Til the niggas get a piece, fuck police, hear them screamin
Fuck em! Can't find peace on the streets
Til the niggas get a piece, fuck police, hear them screamin
(I hear ya!)
Fuck em! Can't find peace on the streets
Til the niggas get a piece, fuck police, screamin
(I hear ya!)
Fuck em! Can't find peace on the streets
Til the niggas get a piece, fuck police, screamin
(I hear ya!)
Fuck em! Can't find peace on the streets
Til the niggas get a piece, fuck police (I hear ya!)
Fuck em! Can't find peace on the streets
Til the niggas get a piece, fuck police (I hear ya!)
Fuck em! Can't find peace on the streets
Til the niggas get a piece, fuck police (I hear ya!)
The niggas scream fuck em!

[Bridge]
Motherfuckin punk police (I hear ya!)
Thinkin they run the motherfuckin streets
It's mo' niggas than it's police
Think (I hear ya!)
One nigga, teach two niggas
Teach three niggas, teach fo' niggas (I hear ya!)
Teach mo' niggas, and we could run this shit!
I hear ya!

[Outro]
They finally pulled me over and I laughed
Remember Rodney King and I blast on his punk ass (I hear ya!)
They finally pulled me over and I laughed
Remember Rodney King and I blast on his punk ass (I hear ya!)
They finally pulled me over and I laughed
Remember Rodney King and I blast on his punk ass (I hear ya!)
They finally pulled me over and I laughed
Remember Rodney King and I blast on his punk ass (I hear ya!)
They finally pulled me over and I laughed
Remember Rodney King and I blast on his punk ass (I hear ya!)
They finally pulled me over and I laughed
Remember Rodney King and I blast on his punk ass (I hear ya!)
They finally pulled me over and I laughed
Remember Rodney King and I blast on his punk ass (I hear ya!)
They finally pulled me over and I laughed
Remember Rodney King and I blast on his punk ass (I hear ya!)
They finally pulled me over and I laughed
Remember Rodney King and I blast on his punk ass (I hear ya!)
They finally pulled me over and I laughed
Remember Rodney King and I blast on his punk ass (I hear ya!)[Intro: 2Pac & 2Pac as "Soulja"]
All you wanted to be, a soulja, a soulja
All you wanted to be, a soulja, like me
All you wanted to be, a soulja, a soulja
All you wanted to be, a soulja, like me
All you wanted to be, a soulja, a soulja
All you wanted to be, a soulja, a soulja
All you wanted to be, a soulja, a soulja
All you wanted to be, a soulja, like me
They cuttin' off welfare...
They think crime is rising now
You got whites killing blacks
Cops killing blacks, and blacks killing blacks
Shit just gon' get worse
They just gon' become souljas
Straight souljas

[Chorus]
All you wanted to be, a soulja, a soulja
All you wanted to be, a soulja, like me
All you wanted to be, a soulja, a soulja
All you wanted to be, a soulja, like me
All you wanted to be, a soulja, a soulja
All you wanted to be, a soulja, like me
All you wanted to be, a soulja, a soulja
All you wanted to be, a soulja, like me

[Verse 1: 2Pac as "Soulja"]
Crack done took a part of my family tree
My momma's on the shit, my daddy split and moms is steady blaming me
Is it my fault, just cause I'm a young black male?
Cops sweat me as if my destiny is makin' crack sales
Only fifteen and got problems
Cops on my tail, so I bail 'til I dodge 'em
They finally pull me over and I laugh
"Remember Rodney King?" and I blast on his punk ass
Now I got a murder case...
You speak of heaven punk? I never heard of the place
Wanted to come up fast, got a Uz' and a black mask
Ducking fuckin' Task, now who's the jackass?
Keep my shit cocked, cause the cops got a Glock too
What the fuck would you do? Drop them or let 'em drop you?
I chose droppin' the cop
I got me a Glock, and a Glock for the niggas on my block
Momma tried to stab me, I moved out
Sold a pound a weed, made G's, bought a new house
I'm only seventeen, I'm the new king
Got me a crew, bought 'em jewels, and a Uz'-thing
But all good things don't last
Task came fast, and busted my black ass
Coolin' in the pen, where the good's kept
Now my little brother wants to follow in my footsteps
A soulja

[Chorus]
All you wanted to be, a soulja, a soulja
All you wanted to be, a soulja, like me
All you wanted to be, a soulja, a soulja
All you wanted to be, a soulja, like me
All you wanted to be, a soulja, a soulja
All you wanted to be, a soulja, like me
All you wanted to be, a soulja, a soulja
All you wanted to be, a soulja, like me

[Verse 2: 2Pac as the younger brother]
Buck, buck - niggas get fucked, don't step to this
Quiet as kept I'm blessed on a quest with a death wish
Tell 'em to come and test, and arrest, nigga it's hectic
Here's the anorexic, I'm makin' it to an exit
Walking through the streets on the black tip
Packed with several gats, cause I'm on some pay 'em back shit
Niggas don't wanna try me, brother you'll get shot down
Now I'm king of the block, since my bigger brother's locked down
I'm hot now, so many punk police have got shot down
Other coppers see me on the block, and they jock now
That's what I call a kingpin
Send my brother what he needs and some weed up to Sing-Sing
Tellin' him just be ready set
Pack ya shit up quick; and when I hit, be prepared to jet
Niggas from the block on the boat now
Every single one got a gun, that'll smoke - pow!
These punks about to get hit by the best
I'm wearin' double vest... so aim at my fuckin' chest
I'll be makin' straight dome calls
Touch the button on the wall, you'll be pickin' up your own balls
I can still hear my mother shout
"Hit the pen nigga -- break your bigger brother out"
I got a message for the warden
I'm comin' for ya ass, as fast as Flash Gordon
We get surrounded in the mess hall, yes y'all
A crazy motherfucker making death calls
Just bring me my brother and we leavin'
For every minute you stall, one of y'all bleedin'
They brought my brother in a jiffy
I took a cop, just in case things got tricky
And just as we was walkin' out (BANG!)
I caught a bullet in the head, the screams never left my mouth
My brother caught a bullet too
I think he gon' pull through, he deserve to
The fast life ain't everything they told ya
Never get much older, following the tracks of a soulja

[Chorus]
All you wanted to be, a soulja, a soulja
All you wanted to be, a soulja, like me
All you wanted to be, a soulja, a soulja
All you wanted to be, a soulja, like me
All you wanted to be, a soulja, a soulja
All you wanted to be, a soulja, a soulja
All you wanted to be, a soulja, a soulja
All you wanted to be, a soulja, like me
Straight soulja, 1993, and forward[Intro: 2Pac Talking]
HA HA HA HA HA
You got St. Ides?
Our friends getting it though
It's it..
St. - Ides

[2Pac]
Nobody knows the trouble that brother sees
Mobbing with the homies cause they're true Gs
Count cash and, hands on the Ides cold glass
And yet.. waiting for my homie to pass me
The S-T-Crooked-Ides
Took the sipping out, had to take another
Before I pack a ten for my brother
Thug for life, a G 'til they bury me
Busting, I don't be trusting these tricks
So they done worry me
Now, I'm a well known figure, getting paid
Came a long way from the old days
I gotta get mine, cause in my mind;
Pour some liquor on the curb for my dogs

[Outro: 2Pac Talking w/ Echoes]
St. Ides
Right?[Verse 1: 2Pac]
They went and did it, so mash out and get a glass
Don finally got his own drink, call it thug passion
Introducing a special brew, made for a chosen few
I'm thugged out, while Snoop Dogg sippin' Blue
-berry but don't be scary, cause it's naturale
Catch it while it's *hot*, get every drop, cause we runnin' out
Plus the party need this flavor, no need to ask
Forever mashin', people ain't ready for this thug passion

[Verse 2: Snoop Dogg]
I'm headin' to the nearest liquor store (What fo'?)
To get myself some blueberry, you act like you don't know (Oh!)
The new drink provided by the St. Ides
Blueberry is my flavor and I know you wonder why
I'm tellin' all my peoples from the vesre off Gin and Juice
Cause this new taste is guaranteed to get you all loose
So dip down, or skip down however you get it
Blueberry is my flavor, let me know if you wit' it[Intro: 2Pac]
Starin' at the world through my rearview
Just lookin' back at the world
From another level, you know what I mean? Starin'

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Multiple gunshots clear the block, the fun stops
Snitches is callin' cops, people shot, nobody stops
I wonder when the world stopped carin'
Last night two kids shot while the whole block starin'
I will never understand this society
First they try to murder me, then they lie to me
Product of a dyin' breed; all my homies tryin' weed
Now the little babies crazed, raised off Hennessy
Tell me, will my enemies flee when they see me?
Believe me, even thugs gotta learn to take it easy
Listen, through intermissions, search your heart for a plan
And we turnin' bad boys to grown men, it's on again
I give a holla to my niggas in the darkest corners
Roll a perfect blunt, and let me spark it for ya
One love from a thug nigga
Rollin' with a posse full of paranoid drug dealers
To the end, my friend, I'm seein' nothin' but my dreams comin' true
While I'm starin' at the world through my rearview
See, I'm seein' nothin' but my dreams comin' true
While I'm starin' at the world through my rearview

[Hook: 2Pac]
They got me starin' at the world through my rearview
Go on, baby, scream to God, he can't hear you
I can feel your heart beatin' fast 'cause it's time to die
Gettin' high, watchin' time fly
And all my motherfuckers
Starin' at the world through my rearview
Go on, baby, scream to God, he can't hear you
I can feel your heart beatin' fast 'cause it's time to die
Gettin' high, watchin' time fly
And all my motherfuckers

[Verse 2: E.D.I. Mean]
Now you see him, now you don't
Some niggas be here for the moment, and then they gone
What happened to 'em?
Well, let's see, it seems to be a mystery
But all I know I never let the money get to me
Stay down like the truest
Thug Life until I check out this bitch, I thought you knew this
Who is gonna catch me when I fall or even care to?
While you thinkin' I see you lost up in my rearview
Hear you is down with them Outlawz
Outcast, left far, I'm through like southpaws
But still we keep mashin' until our dreams come through
Starin' at the world through my rearview

[Verse 3: 2Pac]
Now, I was raised as a young black male
In order to get paid, forced to make crack sales
Caught a nigga so they send me to these overpacked jails
In the cell, countin' days in this livin' black hell
Do you feel me? Keys to ignition, use at your discretion
Roll with a 12 gauge pump for protection
Niggas hate me in the section, from years of chin-checkin'
Turn to Smith & Wesson war weapons
Heavenly Father, I'm a soldier
I'm gettin' hotter 'cause the world's gettin' colder
Baby, let me hold ya: talk to my guns like they fly bitches
All you bustas best to run, look at my bitches!

[Bridge: 2Pac]
Now I know the answers to the question
“Do dreams come true?”
Still starin' at the world through my rearview
I said, now I know the answer
“Do dreams come true?”
Starin' at the world through my rearview

[Hook: 2Pac]
They got me starin' at the world through my rearview
Go on, baby, scream to God, he can't hear you
I can feel your heart beatin' fast 'cause it's time to die
Gettin' high, watchin' time fly
And all my motherfuckers
Starin' at the world through my rearview
Go on, baby, scream to God, he can't hear you
I can feel your heart beatin' fast 'cause it's time to die
Gettin' high, watchin' time fly
And all my motherfuckers

Nigga Kadafi say

[Verse 3: Kadafi]
Back in the days we hustled for sneakers and beepers
Nine-six for Glocks
'Cause fiends hittin' up blocks with street sweepers
Bless myself when knowin' rules to these streets
Somethin' I learned in school
On some Million Man March shit for the peace
True that, only one life to lead, a fast life of greed
Criminally addicted, infested since a seed
We all die, breed, bleed like humans
Towns run by young guns, Outlawz and truants
Shit's deep, turn eighteen, burn my will when I go
Burnt my body with my shotty, or choosin' my dough
So while you reminiscin' all nights out with the crew
Smoke a blunt for me too, I'm starin' through your rearview

[Outro: 2Pac]
Hahahaha, you ain't knowin' what we mean by starin' through the rearview
So, since you ain't knowin' what we mean, let me break it better understandin' the world…The world is behind us
Once a motherfucker get an understandin' on the game, and what the levels and the rules of the game is
Then the world ain't no trick no more, the world is a game to be played
So, now we lookin' at the world from, high watch, behind us
Niggas know what we gotta do: just gotta put our mind to it and do it, it's all about the papers, money rule the world
Bitches make the world go round
Real niggas do what they wanna do, bitch niggas do what they can

[Hook repeats until end][Intro: Quincy Jones]
Starry night.. an unknown creation
Written by, and from the archives of 2Pac Shakur
Dedicated to the memory of Vincent Van Gogh
A creative heart obsessed with satisfying
This dorment and uncaring society
You have given them the stars at night
And you have given them bountiful bouquets of sunflowers
But for you there's only contempt
Though you pour yourself into that frame and present it so proudly
This world could not accept your masterpieces, from the heart
So on that starry night, you gave to us and you took away from us
The one thing we never acknowledged, your life..

[Interlude: Mac Mall]
Yeah, game laid down by Q, you know what I'm saying?
Vocals by Rasheeda, fly beat by QDIII
And flows by the M-A-C y'all, Mr. M-A-C Mall

[Hook: Rasheeda]
Starry night, your life
You gave to us, and took away from us
Starry night, your life
You gave to us, and took away from us

[Verse 1: Mac Mall]
Uhh, uhh.. watch me live my art; writing words from my soul in blood
And speak the truth on every thing I love
I'll probably sacrifice my life.. to send my message through mics
It's like a war drum calling soldiers at night
It's bigger than music I spit it straight from the heart
So it's cold and dark and deep like the universe, but nah don't start
It's for your entertainment but it's my life y'all
And I can't rewind, fast forward, or press pause
But when you give your all, it's like the fans demand more
And after the tour I sit alone like before
When your name is hot it's all love, the world is yours
But when you fall off, you get ignored

[Hook: Rasheeda]
Starry night, your life
You gave to us, and took away from us

[Verse 2: Mac Mall]
You on the cover of the magazine, flossing on the TV screen
Toasting with your champagne, playin life like a game
Loaded in the limousine, love to hear the fans scream
Swimming with the sharks now, ain't no love - money king
People got they hands out but ain't nobody lending hands
Can you really blame them for trying to get what they can?
Late night, bright lights, lust and lies
And anything goes under the Hollywood sign
Well you might lose your soul and who knows what you'll find
But go ahead man we all want to shine...
But go ahead man we all want to shine...

[Hook: Rasheeda]
Starry night, your life
You gave to us, and took away from us
Starry night, your life
You gave to us, and took away from us

[Outro: Mac Mall]
There you have it..
You know, when I was younger I prayed, to get in this game
You know to hold this microphone in my hand
I asked the man upstairs, to let me rock a crowd one day
You know let people out there feel the way I feel through my music
Like my homeboy 2Pac did for sure
And he gave that to me
But he didn't, he didn't, he didn't let me know
About all the shady shit that's in, in between
You and your dream, you know?
See it's more than the music, I spit it from the heart
So sometime it's cold and it's dark, but it's raw
And that's how I'mma bring it to you every time, you know?

[Hook: Rasheeda]
Starry night, your life
You gave to us, and took away from us
Starry night, your life
You gave to us, and took away from us[Intro: 2Pac]
Straight motherfuckin' ballin'
Part 2, Still Ballin'
Westside!

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Now, ever since a nigga was a seed
Only thing promised to me was the penitentiary, still ballin'
Ridin' on these niggas ‘cause they lame
In a 6-1 Chevy, still heavy in this game—can you feel me?
Blame it on my mama, I'm a thug nigga
Up before the sun rise, quicker than the drug dealers
Tell me if it's on, nigga, then we first to bomb
Bust on these bitch-made niggas, hit 'em up, WESTSIDE!
Ain't nobody loved me as a broke nigga
Finger on the trigger, Lord forgive me if I smoke niggas
I love my females strapped, then fuck her from the back
I get my currency in stacks, California is where I'm at
Ridin', passed by while these niggas wondered why
I got shot but didn't die, let 'em see who's next to try
Did I cry? Hell nah, nigga, tears shed
For all my homies in the pen, many peers dead; nigga, still ballin'

[Chorus: 2Pac & (Trick Daddy)]
Still ballin' until I die (Until I die)
You can bring your crew, but we remain true, motherfucker
Still ballin' (I be ballin')
Niggas wonder why (They wonder why)
You can bring your crew, but we remain true, motherfucker
Still ballin'

[Verse 2: Trick Daddy]
Now as I kneel and pray I hope the Lord understand
When these guns involved, I become a dangerous man
Ain't crazy or deranged, I'm sayin' (I'm sayin')
But when these kids go to spray 'em, boy, won't be playin'
With clientele, any rhyme sells
Question is: will you fuck-niggas ride for real, huh?
Bitch nigga, this is G-rated
Plus your homeboy won't make it, street game Fugazi
I'm elevated to the top of this shit
Done fucked around and put me and 2Pac on the bitch
And you can tell 'em "Thug Life" was the reason for this
And I ride for any nigga who believe in the shit; still ballin'

[Chorus: 2Pac]
'Til the day I die
You can bring your crew, but we remain true, motherfucker
Still ballin', niggas wonder why
You can bring your crew, but we remain true, motherfucker
Still ballin'

[Verse 3: 2Pac]
Now everybody wanna see us dead
Two murdered on the front page
Shot to death, bullets to the head
Niggas holla out my name and it's similar to rape
Motherfuckers know I'm comin', so they runnin' to their graves
Watch! Swoop down with my nigga from the Pound
‘Cause Trick don't give a fuck
Where you coward niggas now?
Blast, keep pumpin', ain't worried about nothin'
Busters thought we was frontin'
So reload and keep dumpin'; still ballin'

[Chorus: 2Pac & (Trick Daddy)]
(I'm still ballin') 'til the day I die ('til I die)
You can bring your crew, but we remain true, motherfucker
Still ballin' (I be ballin')
Niggas wonder why (They wonder why)
You can bring your crew, but we remain true, motherfucker
Still ballin' 'til the day I die (Still ballin')
You can bring your crew, but we remain true, motherfucker
Still ballin', niggas wonder why (Tell 'em!)
You can bring your crew, but we remain true, motherfucker
Still ballin', until the day I die
(Thug life), still ballin'
Motherfucker, still ballin'
Straight motherfuckin' ballin'[Intro]
Straight motherfuckin' ballin'
Part two, still ballin'
Kurupt up in this motherfucker
Westside!

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Now ever since a nigga was a seed
Only thing promised to me was the penitentiary, still ballin
Ridin' on these niggas 'cause they lame
In a 6-1 Chevy, still heavy in this game—can you feel me?
Blame it on my momma I'm a thug nigga
Up before the sun rise, quicker than the drug dealers
Tell me if it's on, nigga then we first to bomb
Bust on these bitch-made niggas, hit 'em up, WESTSIDE
Ain't nobody love me as a broke nigga
Finger on the trigger, Lord forgive me if I smoke niggas
I love my females strapped, then fuck her from the back
I get my currency in stacks, California's where I'm at - right?
Passed by while these niggas wonder why
I got shot but didn't die, let 'em see who's next to try
Did I cry? Hell nah, nigga tears shed
For all my homies in the pen, many peers dead, nigga

[Chorus: 2Pac]
Still ballin, 'til the day I die
You can bring your crew but we remain true, motherfucker
Still ballin', niggas wonder why
You can bring your crew but we remain true, motherfucker
Still ballin'

[Verse 2: Kurupt]
This for all y'all motherfuckers
They done did it, let the dogg out the cage
I'm pumped dump with the gauge
I done did it all, everywhere I go, I ball
Precise, keep my game tight, or for sure I fall
I'm the invincible, and since the top principal's loot
Like the Heat to them all, who got the heart to shoot?
I get stitches, play the game of BB Britches
When I was young, dreamin' 'bout money, fame, and bitches
I like fat asses, fat money bags of cash in masses
Slowly as time passes, I found nothing but money rules time and space
And in this realm of thoughts
Where all the fucking murders take place
And I'm in it to win it; I'm out to get paid
Got all these bitches on my dick from all the money I made
It's a trade I've acquired, growing up inspired
Naturally, I don't give a fuck, a murderer for hire
Still ballin'!

[Chorus: 2Pac]
Still ballin, 'til the day I die
You can bring your crew but we remain true, motherfucker
Still ballin', niggas wonder why
You can bring your crew but we remain true, motherfucker
Still ballin'

[Verse 3]
[2Pac]
Now everybody wanna see us dead
Two murdered on the front page, shot to death, bullets to the head
Niggas holla out my name and it's similar to Raid
Motherfuckers know I'm comin', so they runnin' to their graves, watch
Swoop down with my nigga from the Pound
'Cause Kurupt don't give a fuck, where you coward niggas now, blast
Keep pumpin', ain't worried 'bout nuttin'
Busters thought we was frontin', so reload and keep dumpin'

[Kurupt]
I feel heat, everywhere niggas see me up in the streets
I don't tweak, keep a straight .38 under the seat
Mash, mission mode, my thoughts are cold
Plots and plans for scams, money bags of gold
Roll and collide, homicide vibes inside
Thug Life and Dogg Pound on this midnight ride
Ever since we hit the Row
We got stationed, with no hesitation
Make moves, nigga, Mr. Too Smooth, the elaborate
You're slow like motion, focus on the money that's made
And sip on this poisonous potion
Glamour get you got, too much heat, too hot
Get shanked, get shot indulging in this poisonous plot
Fame and fortune, fortune from game
Weed and zags, illicit amounts of cash
Jags, its all the same, ain't shit ever gon' change
As long as there's money to exchange, NIGGA![Verse 1]
Young black male, I barely made my way out
I couldn't hack the jail, that's why I plan to stay out
I'm getting fat mail, 'cause that would never play out
And making rap sales, I gotta another way out
Jacking motherfuckers for a livin'
I know too many famous people, to be hungry on Thanksgiving
Hear me, nervous and ya fear me
See me at my shows, don't pose, nigga cheer me
Ain't the type to sweat cha, doubt if I'll forget cha
If you diss me wear a vest 'cause sucker I'll get ya
In a hurry, throw a flurry and you're buried
Punk tried to jack, I peeled his cap, now I be happy don't worry
I ain't that average motherfucka on the mic
Say what I feel, stayin' real, give a fuck what you like
I write the type of shit that get the crowd hype
And if you diss me, don't whisper, I'm the loud type
Bump your fist for a nigga named 2Pacalypse
Straight from the underground, nigga, we be droppin' shit
You can't fade me, you craziness smoked out
I get some drank and hit the naked then I'm loc'd out
Hey, provoke me if you wanna, I'm a nut
You wanna know what's up?
Ain't nothin' changed, still don't give a fuck

[Hook]
Still dropping more shit than a bitch (it's on)
Man I don't seen 'em motherfucker
Still dropping more shit than a bitch (it's on)
Man I don't seen 'em motherfucker

[Verse 2]
I give a shout out to my East Coast street folks
All you other motherfuckers get ya teeth broke
Tryna talk about the town like we country
But you jealous 'cause the next nigga's phoney
If the bullshit you speakin' never reach me
You best to reachin' for your pistol when you see me
Why? I'm from the Bronx, motherfucka, I was born to box
We can shoot it from here or we can pop the Glocks
It's on you, so nigga, what you wanna do?
We go 1 on 1 and call on your crew
Gotta crew so true that they lie for a nigga
That they keep their eye on a nigga 'cause they die for a nigga
It's so real, motherfucka, can you feel it?
And it's cool to hit the drink, but don't kill it
And my Poppa told me killers never brag a lot
I slip my Glock in my pants and let it sag a lot
I ain't a gangbanging killer or crack slinger
Just a Oaktown nigga turned rap singer
'Cause it ain't where you from, it's how you come
And a real nigga know another one when he see one
Here's a word for hoes at the shows
Keep on your clothes and niggas wouldn't call you hoes
'Cause how you gon' fuck the crew
Then get mad when them niggas get pissed to diss ya
Game ain't free, but I'ma warn ya, ya gotta be stronger
And make 'em wait a little longer
But I can't wait, so let me hit 'em
Hit 'em, hit 'em, hit 'em, hit 'em, quit 'em
'Cause baby gotta pay for the nuts
These hoes wanna know what's up
I still don't give a fuck

[Hook]
Still dropping more shit than a bitch (haha yeah nigga quite here)
Man I don't seen 'em motherfucker
(dont like you music, shut the fuck up)
Still dropping more shit than a bitch

[Verse 3]
I heard nigga say "he hate the way I curse"
Now that hurts so um.. so this verse I'ma curse worse
Jump like a toe when you want some
Stick ya like bubblegum with the code name troublesome
They tried to ban my music 'cause the niggas is locin' up
Locin' up 'cause the niggas is broke as fuck
There's no love for the inner city streets
So you never find peace 'til we get a piece
Now that's deep, don't sleep, from ya dog's cheatin'
But how the hell you gon' help me from across the street
They forget about the brothers once they make it
Then get a mad at a nigga when we take it
Well you lookin' kinda cute in your three piece suit
But to people like Duke, you a nigga too
Get smart, how the hell we gon' be livin' cool
When the other niggas didn't get a part
Shit, look inside yo heart

[Outro]
Still don't give a fuck
Uh huh still don't give a fuck, still don't give a fuck
This for them punk ass niggas that don't know
Oaktown is on a motherfuckin' [?] and we ain't takin' little seats
Tryna and come out here talking that shit mad
Your ass gon' get caps hehuhu
It's like that nigga (tell 'em) yeah
Can't beat this shit it's a motherfucking phase representing nigga
All presenting
RPB is around don't fuck with them motherfucking niggas in this town
We popping 'em and dropping 'em with the mouth
Remember the next time that pull motherfuckin' on 'em
'Cause it might be...
Dang dang
Dang dang[Intro]
Turn it up in my head phones, please
Comin' to a ghetto near you, street fame
More, ha ha, comin' to a ghetto near you

[Verse 1]
I wasn't mad until these tricks shot me
It's time I sanitize my posse
Look how paranoid these niggas got me
Cellular calls are being traced since surveillance silently
Mama, chill, thug livin' pay the bills, I'm dyin' violently
Closed caskets, expose bastards, I leave 'em bloody
Delores Tucker, don't let your kids
Hear a nigga speak on gettin' money
Ain't nothin' funny, green got a nigga seein' things
Why? Hit the lye, hope to God I can fly
Lethal weapon, I'm a savage; still a method to my madness
Blast, niggas laugh, calling my cash cabbage
Read 'em and weep, put 'em to sleep, they hell bound
Lyrics will leave 'em spell bound
Clown, now tired of being held down
Cross my heart, hope to die, blind with some pussy
Millionaire, livin' care free, sucka free, playa haters miss me
Hope in hard times never catch me slippin'
Fuck authorities! They wonder why minorities be trippin'
We ain't havin' it, time to tear this shit back
Ghetto children kick back
Once I hit the MAC, niggas'll never get they shit back
Spit it so eloquently, my pistols represent me
Bust until my rounds empty; back for the street fame

[Hook]
One love to my true thugs
Comin' to a ghetto near you, street fame
Bust! Comin' to a ghetto near you, street fame
All out warfare, eye for a eye
Bustin' on my enemies, bad boy killin'
Straight dissin' you
Fuck Lil' Kim, you nasty bitch!

[Verse 2]
Temperatures rises, niggas blinded by my lyrical disguise
No time to plot retreats, niggas shiver and die
Multiple rounds found laced in his body and face
Wrapped in plastic, the acid erased all traces
Criminal tactics, the rap game became so drastic
Military mind,  mash all the hoes, get blasted
If we bleed then they suffocate, chokin' in terror
So we strive seein' our lives be reflected in mirrors
The prophecy is clear, niggas lock and load, disappear
Strategize with no fear, wagin' war for years
The crack game wasn't big enough, ready to rush
Bitch made motherfuckers get murdered and touched
I go to jail niggas screamin' free me, speakin' freely
Conversatin' with my comrades kickin' Swahili
Indeed they should fear my first seed
It gets worse, planned a curse to be a G, on the first to breathe
Currency in stacks, artillery in the back
Strapped, armies, we camouflaged in all black
When we attack, holla out my set, nigga
Tighten your jaw, givin' birth to Outlawz, street fame

[Hook]
Bust, nigga bust!
Comin' to a ghetto near you, street fame
Only Makaveli the Don
Can put it down like this; ain't none like me
Comin' to a ghetto near you, with street fame

[Verse 3]
Positive identification, got me rushed to the station
Stuck in this line up, tryin' hard to hide my face
They placed the name but can't recall description
I ain't did shit, officer, that bitch trippin'
Promise retaliation, their plan busted, no man to be trusted
Everything corrupted once man touch it
Kamikaze, hopin' that none of the spies find me
That's why we bye bye daily, knowin' cops trail me
But why cry? Floatin' while we tokin' on this potent branch
Flossin' in the thug stance, pistol tucked inside my pants
Never underestimate me, playa hate me, see me and hide
Sure as hollow-points shatter, enemies die
Spread love, dead thugs gettin' buried in riches
Take a chance to advance; fuck them worryin' bitches!
Penitentiary's a possibility, bust and pray
Wear a rubber so I live to fuck another day, hey!
Ain't nothin' strange, I'm 25, dyin' to change
But still I bang wantin' street fame

[Hook]
That's the end of that
Thugged out, Makaveli the Don
Representin' the Outlawz, street fame
One love to my true niggas
Comin' to a ghetto near you street fame
Makaveli the Don, Killuminati
Comin' to a ghetto near you, street fame

[Outro]
Yo, check this out, I'ma tell you like this
If the lifestyle that you livin'
Got you taking more fuckin' shorts than gettin' props
Then that lifestyle need to stop
Best to recognize some Outlaw shit
‘Cause only in this Outlaw lifestyle can you truly come to
To see what this life's supposed to be like
Nigga, you'll start to see riches
Fine bitches and hittin' switches
Shit, to me that shit sound delicious; street fame[Intro]
Yo, law
Is it cool if a nigga just get fucked up for this one?
Yeah, Mr. Fuck-a-Cop is back
And I still don't give a fuck, yaknahmsayin'?
Puffin' on this indo
In the studio with my partners out here
Pacific Heights in the house, know what I mean?

[Verse 1]
I was framed, so don't make the same mistake, nigga
You gotta learn how to shake the snakes, nigga
'Cause the police love to break a nigga
Send 'em upstate cause they straight-up hate the niggas
So what I do is get a crew of zoo niggas
Straight fools into rules and do niggas
And one-time had enough of me
I'm still raw so the law can't fuck with me
They wanna send me to the pen, punk, picture that
I stay strapped, motherfuckers better get your gat
It ain't easy bein' me, I can't take it
Life as a celebrity ain't everything they make it
And ever since the movies these hoes try to do me
If they can't screw me, they find a way to sue me
Now can you picture me coolin' at a night club?
Nothin' but love, but motherfuckers wanna mean mug
Since I wear a lot of gold, they plot
Don't know what I got and get shot with the hot ones
And, aw yeah, I wanna feel guilty
But you punk motherfuckers tried to milk me
You'll get smacked behind the ear with my phone or my pager
It's beepin' while I cut you with my razor
I'm not violent, I'm petrified and nervous
I got no mercy for these niggas tryin' to serve us
But if you catch me outta pocket, then I'm got
You love to shoot a nigga but you scared to pop a cop
Now drop it

[Chorus]
Strictly for my, strictly for my, strictly for my niggas
Strictly for my, strictly for my, strictly for my niggas
Strictly for my, strictly for my, strictly for my niggas
Strictly for my niggas, makin' G's

[Verse 2]
Reflected and disrespected, plus I'm rejected
You're just another rapper, who swears he's makin' records
That's what they said whenever I would walk by
I never tripped though, always kept my head up high
Eventually I knew that I would find my way
After the darkest night always comes a brighter day
And some would say, that turned away is all you'll get
I just said "Bet!," and never let 'em see me sweat
'Cause in the end, I knew that I would have it all
While non-believers were prayin' for my downfall
And some would call and tell me that they wish me well
But in my heart, I'm knowin' that they wish me hell
Yo, get a real job, rappin' doesn't pay the rent
I hit the studio, 'cause that's where all my money went
Never surrender, it's all about the faith you've got
Don't ever stop, just push it 'til you hit the top
And if you drop, at least you know you gave your all
Be true to you, and that way you can never fall
But beware, these backstabbers ain't no joke
Just like a rope, they hang on you until you're broke
And when you're broke, they move onto the next dope
And there you are, can't even pay your car note
And when you reminisce, thinkin' how you got dissed
Remember how it felt and then remember this
Be true to you, believe that there's no one bigger
'Cause they can all suck dick, it's strictly for my niggas

[Chorus]
Strictly for my, strictly for my, strictly for my niggas
Strictly for my, strictly for my, strictly for my niggas
Strictly for my, strictly for my, strictly for my niggas
Strictly for my niggas, makin' G's

[Verse 3]
This is for the critics if you live up
Pick up my shit or I'll be back doin' stick-ups
I better see five stars next to my picture
If not, 2Pac will cop the Glock and come knockin' to getcha
I told you once, motherfucker, I'm a nut
Play me like a butt and you'll be bleedin' when you're fucked
Niggas know what's up but they be tryin' to hold me down
I'm comin' outta Oaktown, bitch fuck around
And it ain't where you from that makes you hardcore, nigga
It's the way you throw them thangs in the war
And to the marks that be talkin' all that shit
Screamin' out the next nigga's name like a bitch
And the niggas that I ran into recently
The motherfuckers at the club that pulled the piece on me
You little bitches shoulda pulled the fuckin' trigger
Now you live in fear of a heartless-ass nigga
Mr. Troublesome, niggas tried to play me with the gat
But like Terminator, nigga, I'll be back
Yeah, and I'll be back with a fuckin' army
You tried to harm me, ring the alarm, G
'Cause most motherfuckers love to act up, without they backup
When they get jacked up, they crack up
It's strictly for my niggas at the show
So they know, not to play me like a ho
Strictly for my

[Chorus]
Strictly for my, strictly for my, strictly for my niggas
Strictly for my, strictly for my, strictly for my niggas
Strictly for my, strictly for my, strictly for my niggas
Strictly for my niggas, makin' G's
Strictly for my, strictly for my, strictly for my niggas
Strictly for my, strictly for my, strictly for my niggas
Strictly for my, strictly for my, strictly for my niggas
Strictly for my niggas, makin' G's
Strictly for my, strictly for my, strictly for my niggas
Strictly for my, strictly for my, strictly for my niggas
Strictly for my, strictly for my, strictly for my niggas
Strictly for my niggas, makin' G's
Strictly for my, strictly for my, stric-stric-
Strictly for my, strictly for my, stric-stric-
Strictly for my, strictly for my, stric-stric-
Strictly for my niggas, makin' G's
Strictly, strictly, stric-stric-
Strictly, strictly, stric-stric-
Strictly, strictly, stric-stric-
Strictly for my niggas, makin' G's
Strictly for my, strictly for my, strictly for my niggas
Strictly for my, strictly for my, strictly for my niggas
Strictly for my, strictly for my, strictly for my niggas
Strictly for my niggas, makin' G's
Strictly for my, strictly for my, strictly for my niggas
Strictly for my, strictly for my, strictly for my niggas
Strictly for my, strictly for my, strictly for my niggas
Strictly for my niggas, makin' G's[Intro]
Eat a dick up

[Hook]
["Stick up, stick up, stick up kids...
Still don't nothin' move but the money"]

[Verse 1: Stretch]
Strugglin, jugglin, got it to the black man
Eatin the scams like I was motherfuckin Pac Man
Cops step off, you know the flavor
They fear the ruffneck niggas with the lunatic behavior
And now we gotta eat, gotta make ends meet
Stabbin for a fee, it gets hard on the fuckin streets
It's like a madness, fuck making gravy
I rhyme and do crimes, cause either way pays me
A little rough with a hardcore ... theme
Couldn't rough something rougher in your ... dreams
Mad rugged so you know we're gonna ... rip
With that roughneck nigga named 2Pacalypse
Representing YG'z yo
Flip Stretch Homicide and my nigga Gambino
Seek and Po can't forget Money Bags
Stickin up spots and jumpin in Jags
Gotta get ahead and always stay bumblin
And always keep a hand on the gat
Cause a niggas straight strugglin'

[Hook]
["Stick up, stick up, stick up kids...
Still don't nothin' move but the money"]

[Verse 2: Majestic]
I'm used to being poor, but now I'm sick of strugglin
I thought about bumpin, but mother-fuck jugglin
I know it lasts longer, gets my pockets thicker
But I'd rather use my gun cause I get the money quicker, so bust it
Look as I cut the records hard to eject
A quick clip threw my body down uhh! it's another hit
I got energy to blast now you want the task here
Cuz of the light a motherfucker shot that ass up
But rugged and rough is how I'm steppin
Mac is the weapon, and it's always kept in
Eye on the Mac cause the dogg got it goin on
If you come up steppin you'll be lit like a hick
So you better chill, cause I got too much money to get
A street thug in the motherfuckin house, I'm strugglin
Get drunk but I don't think
I'm just in it for the money, don't be a punk snitch
When I yank up my gun, don't run don't bitch
Cause ya know if you do, you'll be layin in a ditch
You'll get your stupid ass blown out the frame
Cause I'm playing to win, and survive in the game
I'm strugglin'

[Hook]
["Stick up, stick up, stick up kids...
Still don't nothin' move but the money"]

[Verse 3: 2Pac]
Big up, big up, got him in the frame, bang
Ain't nothin changed set it off I let the brains hang
Guess who's back, to put niggas on they back
Till I call back, niggas running free better fall back
I'm fifty niggas deep beat sleep
With a Mossberg wrapped in my sheets
Three deep in my Jeep chief run with the Young Gunz
Strugglin and strivin, that's how the dough come
Now get gunned by the one with the gun for the low goal
Throw a bolo so low when I flow yo
Much too high to read the signs, I'm blind
Clickin on the nine, out to get mine
I go big up, big up, gotta make the room, boom
Blowin motherfuckers to the moon
Niggas need to feel me a real G, home from the bumblin
See me on the block, strugglin
And rollin with the roughnecks nuff checks cashed
I get in niggas ass, blast
Straight strugglin'

[Hook]
["Stick up, stick up, stick up kids...
Still don't nothin' move but the money"][Intro]
Latino hip hop music was once a small scene of street rappers
And a handful of hardcore followers
The new wave of artists are hitting the musical scene tonight...

[Verse 1: Big Stalks]
When we come through with the takeover, we make the game over
I'm from the state of lowriders and street soldier
We drop like boulders 'cause we hittin' hard
Every single playa hater know just who we are
We the homies from the LayLow I-n-c
Per-petrating motherfuckers gon' remember me
I don't pretend to be, so don't hate on me
Snitchin' to the cops 'cause they want to get rid of me
Ta-ta-talking about you murder me
Homie, I know you heard of me
Creeping through the dark in the Oldsmobile
Drive-by shoot to kill, so watch your step
Big Stalks won't stop, I keep the pussy wet
Break bread or ??
1-8-7 on the motherfuckin' cops
Yeah, the streets are hard
If we want it, we get it
Homie, it's like that
If you got it, I'll take it
Homie, we ain't fake

[Hook: Talbox by DJ AK]
Lay Low Inc. t-t takin' over, we takin' over
I see you trying hard, 'cause we do it better
I know what you think, when we coming over (I know what you think)
But you better not try to play 'cause the game is over
We took it over

[Verse 2: 2Pac]
You can't break me, never make me busta soft the beats
This Outlaw style, got a brother off the streets
Miss Delores Tucker sue me, I won't stop
'Til we get justice for these crooked cops, on my block
Time Warner full of sissies
Tell 'em all to miss me
A bunch of hypocrites, whistling Dixie
Good riddance, 'cause you never should've touched me
You cowards knew you couldn't take the pressure, I'ma make you sorry
Trust me
Did I cry when they dropped me? (nah), can they stop me? (yeah)
Tryna sell 4 million copies
If I wasn't spitting, it'd be prison or death
This rap game all we got left
So try to comprehend where we coming from
Life as an Outlaw, ain't meant for everyone
So here we come
Recognize how we organize
Strategize now we unified brothers on the rise
And we don't stop

[Hook: Talbox by DJ AK]
We, t-t takin' over, we takin' over
I see you trying hard, but we do it better
I know what you think, when we coming over (I know what you think)
But you better not try to play 'cause the game is over
We took it over

[Verse 3: Snoop Dogg]
Bigg Di-Dogg, push the big hid-ogg
You're hoppin' and poppin', how 'bout you hop up off my bid-alls
Got, dirt on my pid-aws, I, broke a few lid-aws
It, really don't matter 'cause I'm only here to spit on
And get on and shit on niggas
Do it to 'em D-O-double right on, nigga
I'm saggin' it, baggin' it, slangin' dubs
You motherfuckas think The Wash is all soap and suds?
What's up Cuz?
If you tryin' to get a dub sack, page me
The hoes say "Dee Loc, you so crazy"
Poppin' that shit, don't faze me
I need my chips and the dip, it's like gravy

[Verse 4: Dr Dre]
Now back to the lecture at hand
Perfection is expected and I'm feeling that demand
Los Ang', broad day gunnin'
That ain't no earthquake, it's just Dre comin'
If this shit ain't played, the party ain't bumpin'
If I don't show up, the hoes ain't fuckin'
(Real talk) Cali sunshine, come visit
Just don't stop at stop signs with bullet holes in it
All-Star League, you ridin' benches
I handles my bidness, fuck fake niggas
I sell game a quarter million a track
Snoop and the Good Doc back with a brand-new sack
Shit's wrong, money gone, I'll blast
Out of town, out of bounds, no pass
Runnin' up, talkin' shit, get smashed
Shoot first, ask questions last

[Hook: Talbox by DJ AK]
Lay Low Inc. t-t takin' over, we takin' over
I see you trying hard, but we do it better
I know what you think, when we coming over (I know what you think)
But you better not try to play 'cause the game is over
We took it over, took it over, we took it over, t-t-took it overMy tears they fall with passion
Like tears conceived from stars
Full of brightness & energy
Seen only from afar
Tonight these tears are
full of pain but also I can feel
relief from my heart
Because the stigma is revealed
unfaithful and unforgiven
I cannot bear 2 let this be
So I must be pure
2 only her for eternity[Jasmine Guy]
He's braggin about his new Jordan's
The baby just ran out of milk
He's buyin gold every two weeks
The baby just ran out of Pampers
He's buyin clothes for his new girl
And the baby just ran out of medicine
You ask for money for the baby?
The daddy just ran out the door

GIRL! I can't believe him
(I can..)-Tearz Of A Clown (lyric breakdown)-

[Verse 1]
"Start from the intro"
I can't though, it's gonna be too painful
To speak of all the evil obstacles my people came through
"Equality?"
Is not true, I rush to beat the curfew
I guess nobody told us that the people gotta eat too
"The system?"
I laugh, cause I don't see no truth left
Addicted to that crack or raised too high to fight for Yusef
Can't blame 'em, they slumber, come here ya Casanova
Just because Mandela is free don't mean the freedom fight is over
The beaches, Howard, Virginia and the others
Ya let 'em lynch the brothers and no one will love the mothers
"Confused?"
You shouldn't be, my facts are stated clearly
But my raps contain no "wild thing" so I guess no one will hear me
"They're killin' us?"
But what's new, cause nobody will yell out
They're all too busy livin' lavish lives of a sellout
"The police?"
A big joke, the only time their gun smokes
Is when they murder brothers after every bone has been broke
"Huey?"
A hero, although he never tried to be
Died and since his death he's still a victim of society
"Well, what's next?"
Unity, respect and love your sisters
We joke and call 'em bitches so the crackers try to diss her
"We'll kill them?"
That's not the way, it's time to use intelligence
"Turn the other cheek?"
Never again, it's time for self-defense
"How come you're so angry?"
Cause I'm tired of bein' kept down
Now it's time to wipe away the tears of a clown

[Intermission]

[Verse 2]
"Why ya cryin'?"
I told ya, I'm tired of livin' life low
The rich can beat the lotto, while the poor stay in the ghetto
"The president?"
Elected, but I don't know how it happened
Better qualified for rappin', with his gift for senseless yakkin'
A day for Martin Luther King, now his soul is put to rest
Turnin' over in the grave next to him is Malcolm X
Forgotten too quickly, it makes me want to hate them
Forgot about his wisdom, he's the latest fashion statement
"Red or Blue, what set ya claim?"
Does it make a difference?
One day we're gonna work it out and overcome this ignorance
"Education?"
Propaganda, taught to me in class
How can we control our future if we're kept from our past?
We better live a better way or we won't see another day
You can heed the words I say or don't and kiss your life away
Not tryin' to preach or teach, it is my wish to only explain
So many died before me, can I let their lives be in vain?
So now we've come to this point, it's time to make decision
Do we live in self-destruction or escape the realism?
They ask me why I'm angry, cause I'm tired of bein' kept down
My people, let's unite and wipe away the tears of a clown

[Intermission]

[Verse 3]
"What ills the children"
The future, for them, I see such sorrow
The least that we can do is let them live to see tomorrow
Too many have been killed, it's time to stand up for our rights
How can the people "Fight The Power", if they can't fight for their life?
Instead, they fight their wife, beat up if she's not silent
Time to fight for principles, the brothers get nonviolent
The government is so crooked and liberties a hypocrite
"The Star Spangled Banner?"
Just some patriotic bullshit
Destruction of the Panthers another sneak attack plan
Couldn't stand to see the strength and peace within the Blackman
"Where are all the heroes who we thought were so untouchable?"
I see 'em pushin' dope and rollin' 'round in BMW
How can it not trouble you to see a dyin' species?
The world must find peace or find itself ripped up in pieces
Afflicted with the teaching's, that make ya feel inferior
Some say the government invents it all, that they just scarier
Polly want a cracker, but cracker want a sister
How come they could see her beauty, but brothers persist to diss her?
Revolutionary generation on an uprise
Never will they see another tear from this clown's eye

[Intermission]

[Verse 4]
Livin' the life I live, I have to be positive
Hell's my reality, I chose not to ride in it
I did want to live fast, I just wanted much cash
But punks were persistent, they hunted with gauge blast
So I wasn't the violent type, I had to protect my life
Lovin' my brother, but if he steps, I'mma shoot him twice

(song cut)

Psychotic society
It's hard to find love with those who treat us like enemy
They call me a lunatic, I say realistic
Beware of their politics, it's sick as the sick get
The son of a Panther, see pain in my mama's eyes
Cause nobody thanked her for givin' them better lives
"Assata Shakur?"
Another auntie, I miss her though
Please thank Mr. Castro for keepin' her safe bro
How many more of us die before we can see the light
It's time brothers work it out, unite for a bigger fight
We're still in the same hole and now it's the 90's
Seems everyone's livin' large, but I ain't got mine G
But I got a bill for all the ill ya gave me
Society slavery, who's gonna pay me?
"Has anybody here seen Yusef Hawkins?"
I thought I seen him talkin' with Malcolm walkin'
"Where, over the rainbow"?
Naw, over the track
Another murdered brother, now where's the payback
Tears of a clown

[Intermission]          
            Lyrics for this song have yet to be released. Please check back once the song has been released.
          
        [Sample]
Heyyyy! Heyy-ayyaahhyy

[Intro: 2Pac]
Yo, Mo Bee, mayn, drop that shit!
You know what time
Boo-yaow! I know it's time for you
So grab one by the hand, you know what I'm sayin'?
And uh, throw up that finger!
Hey yo, throw y'all fingers up!
Thug style, baby, thug style, y'know?

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Tell me, baby, are you lonely? Don't wanna rush ya
I can help ya if you're only, let me touch ya
If I'm wrong, love, tell me, 'cause I get caught up
In the life I live, it's hell, see, I never thought
I'd see the day when I would calm down, you ain't heard?
I've been known to clown and get around, that's my word
See you walkin' and you lookin' good, yes indeed
Got a body like a sex fiend, you're killin' me
With your attitude to match, right? Don't be phony
Cause I hate it when you act like, you don't know me
I've be stressin' in the spotlight, I want the fame
But the industry's a lot like, a crap game
Ain't no time for commitment, I gotta go
Can't be with you every minute miss, another show
And even though I'm known for my one night stand
Look here, I wanna be an honest man, but temptations go—

[Interlude: 2Pac]
Throw up the finger!
And all my homies go
Throw them the finger!
You know what, baby, it's like—

[Chorus: Easy Mo Bee]
I know you've been searchin' for someone
To make you happy and get the job done
You say you needed a man with money
But I can't be there, and will you still care?

[Verse 2: 2Pac]
Will I cheat or will I be committed? Heaven knows
Gettin' weak and I wanna hit it, so here I go
In my ride and I'm all in, gettin' high
I can hear the people callin', I'm passin' by
Everybody knows I'm ballin', and to God
Gotta keep myself from fallin', but it's hard
All the cuties know I'm under pressure, what do I do?
Gettin' shaky when she pull the dress up, and say it's cool
Should I stroke or should I wait a while? You decide
If you tell me that you don't want it, that's a lie
Move close and let me whisper, some dirty words
In your ears as I kiss ya on every curve
Slow down baby, don't rush, I like it slow
Can't hold it any longer, so let it go
Open the gates to your waterfall up in heaven
And don't worry, I let myself in, all I heard was—

[Interlude: 2Pac]
Give 'em the finger!
All my homies go, throw your fingers up!
That's just the thug in me, girl, you know
Peep out all my homies, y'know, it's like—

[Chorus: Easy Mo Bee]
I know you've been searchin' for someone
To make you happy and get the job done
You say you needed a man with money
But I can't be there, and will you still care?

[Verse 3: 2Pac]
A lot of people think it's easy to settle down
Got a woman that'll please me in every town
I don't wanna but I gotta do it, the temptation
Got me ready to release the fluid, sensation
Sit down and conversate like you know me, take my hand
'Cause even thugs get lonely, understand
Even the hardest of my homies need attention
Catch you blowin' up the telephone, reminiscin'
I wanna take you to the movies and the park
Let's find a spot for you to do me in the dark
Now that it's passion, hold me tight
Don't need lights, I can see you by the moonlight
I know your man ain't lovin' you right
You're lonely and depressed, you need a thug in your life
Enough talkin', you want me to leave I'll get to walkin'
See you later, 'cause baby, I'm a player, and all I heard was—

[Outro: 2Pac]
Give 'em the finger, and all my homies go
Yo, this how we gonna do this in the nine-trey, y'know?
Throw your fingers up!
You know? They gonna peep this
This how we run game on you
All my niggas go, uptown in the, give 'em the finger!
Throw your hands up, give 'em the finger![Verse 1: 2Pac]
Oh shit, jumped on my man's dick
Heard he had a twelve inch, now the bitch is lovesick
Who's to blame, the guy or the groupie
Heard I was down with D.U., now she wants to do me
Oooh-wee! This is the life
New bitch every night, never tripped off a wife
It ain't right, but it's cool how they come quick
Don't try to flip with the lip cause I run shit
Hip hip, hooray for the AK
Spray when I lay competition, what a great day
Make pay, next is the wet sex
Hexed with the vex now they wreck with the complex
I'm set, wonder what I tote, check
Bloody as a Kotex, snappin' motherfuckers' necks
Revenge so sweet when it comes from
Niggas get done with the drum, watch my foes run
Nigga keeps comin when they can't slip
Full of that shit, another hit from tha' lunatic

[Chorus: Stretch]
Yeah, fuck that God! Word up
Blowin' niggas out the motherfuckin' frame, you know what I'm sayin'?
Constantly, fuck that trick, we ain't havin' it

[Verse 2: 2Pac]
Leave me the fuck alone, you get none of this
It's suicidal, you lose your title like Doug-las
Cause I'm nothin' nice and, I'm icin' like Tyson
I'm grippin' the mic and my DJ is slicin'
I'm tired of motherfuckers steppin' to me with the same old
Tryin' to do me like Nintendo
How the fuck you think I ever got this far?
By bootin' motherfuckers like a shootin' star
Cause I'm out to show that I'm a dope MC
Think crack had you fiendin', wait'll they get a load of me
Bitches on my dick like a motherfuckin' condom
Niggas wanna flip, let 'em step, and I'll bomb 'em
See somethin' you want, why don't you come and get it
And then get waxed and taxed, like the government
Then I leave you sittin' there, wonder where your money went
While your bitch is callin' me, tellin' me to come again
Nigga I'm loc'ed, when I smoke, from the indo
But we can be friends though, after you get broke like a window
That's what you provoked, and now you're smoked out
Lookin' like a bitch, cause your whole fuckin' posse, broke out
Punk motherfucker couldn't roll on
He couldn't hold on, game is too strong, nigga
Leave me the fuck alone, you get none of this
Feel the wrath, and revenge of tha' lunatic

[Chorus: Stretch]
Yeah Tu', tell 'em motherfuckers, word up
We ain't havin' it, none of that shit!
Bitch ass niggas, niggas can't fuck with us Tu', word up
'91, we takin' this whole motherfucker over
Niggas got problems in '91, '92, and '93
And all that other shit, word up

[Verse 3: 2Pac]
Recognize game when it smacks you, bitch I'm back to rip
Puttin' this on the map with this mackin' shit
Time will tell if it's made well
Well I raise hell and excel cause it pays well
Jordan couldn't dunk it any harder, pump it any farther
I'm funky, that's word to the father
Act like you know 'fore I thump the bolo
Thought you was a pimp, now you're simpin' for my solo
Oh no, not another new jack, swearin' that he's ruthless
Ducked and now he's fucked and left toothless
I can hear the fear in your flow, you ain't prepared
You're scared and you're bound to go
It's somethin', I guess I let the beat keep bumpin'
Stop trippin' off these niggas cause they ain't about nuttin'
Or should I say naythin'
Punk put my tape in, fuck all the fake-in
I'm sick of the bullshit
Come equipped and get ready to rip
Or get the dick of tha' lunatic

[Chorus: Stretch]
Ah yeah, fuck that, you know what I'm sayin'?
(The motherfuckin' lunatic)
Yes Tu'!
Tell them niggas what time it is, 'kna'm sayin'?
(Punk motherfuckers, get the dick of the lunatic)
Niggas can't fuck with us, word up
Bitch ass niggas, fuck 'em

[Outro: 2Pac]
Fuck all them niggas
I'm tellin' these niggas that they ain't got
Naythin' on a nigga like me
We squashin' these punk motherfuckers in '91
'92, '93, and so on
So let the beat float on
While I spray these punk bitches
With these dope ass lyrics
Thanks to Poppa for supplyin' the dank
Now it's money in the bank
And all y'all niggas shit stank
Compared to this shit
Fuck y'all punk bitches!
Tha' Lunatic *echoes*[Verse 1]
They finally did it (What's that?)
They stole the mic I grip
Now that It's gone (What's wrong?)
I'm feelin' tired and sick
(How did they do it?) I don't know, I wasn't sleepin' that long
When i woke up (What happened brotha?)
My microphone was gone
First I panicked (how?)
I put the cops on the case
But they was stumped (damn)
Without a clue or a trace
So as sure as smokin' cigarettes is bad for your health
If I want my microphone back I'll find it myself
So I picked up the phone (For what?)
I called Dizzy (What's up?)
My mic's gone (Word?)
Let's get busy!
Before I told Dizzy what I wanted to do
He was over at my house with the TMS crew
He said (Word is out on every mouth on the street
Now that its gone, its not long 'til you're beat)
And then it hit me (Damn)
I got a battle at six
Without my microphone
I'm guaranteed to get whipped
Ya might think it's unbelievable
But word to the strength
When it comes to rockin' rhymes
I'm a musical nymph
They gave me other mics
But yo, it wasn't no use
I tried to rock it (One-two one-two)
But I couldn't get loose
I said forget it
With microphone or not, I gotta do it
Give it all that I got (Yo, what if ya lose?)
It'd be the first time I lost
But if I beat 'em, it'd finally prove that I'm the boss
I grabbed my leather jacket
Walked through the streets
Was hopin' and prayin'
Strictly Dope won't get beat
I begin to get hyped; I was ready to fight
Yo, I was confident that I went
To hell with the mic!
I hop on to the stage
Dizzy started the beat
The sucka' shivered
Because he tasted defeat
Then I signaled to Dizzy and
Bust a rhyme with my head
Perpetrator fell back (Ha!)
And then he was dead
I was happy as hell
Cause I was lucky that night
Put my hand in my pocket
And there was my mic
HahaVerse 1 -  2pac (DJ Bizzy)

They finally did it (what's that?)
They stole the mic i grip
Now that it's gone (what's wrong?)
I'm feelin' tired and sick
(How did they do it?) I don't know I wasn't sleepin that long
When i woke up (what happened brotha?)
My Microphone was gone
First I panicked (how?)
I put the cops on the case
But they was stumped (damn)
Without a clue or a trace
So as sure as smoking cigarettes is bad for your health
If i want my microphone back i'll find it my self
So I picked up the phone (For what?)
I called Dizzy (What's up?)
My Mic's gone (Word?)
(Let's get Busy)
Before I told Dizzy what I wanted to do
He was over at my house with the TMS crew
He said (Word is out on every mouth on the street
Now that your mic is gone its not long 'til you're beat)
And then it hit me (damn)
I got a battle at 6
With out my microphone
I'm guaranteed to get whipped
Ya might think its unbelievable
But word to the strength
When it comes to rockin rhymes
Im a musical nymph
They gave me other mics
But yo it wasn't no use
I tried to rock it (one-two one-two)
But I couldn't get loose
I said forget it
Ya microphone or not
And I got to do this
Give it all that I got (Yo what if ya lose?)
It'd be the first time I lost
But if I beat 'em it'd finally prove that I'm the boss
I grabbed my leather jacket
Walked through the streets
Was hopin and payin
Strictly dope won't get beat
I begin to get hyped
I was ready to fight
Yo I was confident that I win
To hell with the mic!
I hop on to the stage
Dizzy started the beat
The sucka shivered
Because he tasted defeat
Then I signaled to Dizzy
Bust a rhyme wit my head
Perpetrator fell back (HA!)
And then he was dead
I was happy as hell
Cause I was lucky that night
Put my hand in my pocket
And there was my mic
Haha

(now why you tell em that?)
The case of the misplaced mic

Verse 2 2pac (Rock T)

I'm down with Strictly Dope
(so?) That means I'm more than you can handle
(hot?) I'm hotter than the wax from a candle
(me?) That's Rock T he's my microphone companion
(Lyrics?) Full of knowledge truth and understandin'
(hobbies?) Rappin' is my only recreation
(retire?) Ya must be on some kind of medication
(why!?) Cuz I'll never loosin up my mic grip
(drugs?) Never cuz i'm livin on the right tip
(Sex?) Only with my girl becasue I love her
(Babies?) Impossible I always use a rubber
(bored?) Rarely cause I'm keepin' myself busy
(scratch?) Nah, I leave the cuttin' up to Dizzy[Intro: Celina]
Yo this Celina (Ooh)
With a C (Yeah)
Pac you saved me when I was fifteen
Without even being here
Now I'm twenty-two and I'm still here (Ooh, ooh)
This one's for you, uh huh (Yeah) yeah

[Verse 1: Celina]
Let me take a minute to re-check myself
I been going through a lot and I been praying for some help
I feel the fire burning deep in my chest
Cuz you passed the torch and I know that I've been blessed
With ability, I can do what I do
I can't complain cuz I got a new attitude
If you change the game I can change it too
I did enough chilling now I'm making my moves

[Hook]
Thank you to the ones who made this for me
I'm trying to be everything you want me
And when I'm done no matter what or where I been
You know I'm down to do it all again
Put my mind to the depths of my soul
I yearn to achieve all my goals
And all my time will be spent
On the ones I miss, I will lament

[Verse 2: Celina]
All the things you taught me made me who I am
I here my people talking about the things that need to change
For this new generation but nobody's taking action
We can't keep fighting and forever struggling
But you were the one, you left the to's
And now it's time for us to, to bring a new
You could've saved the world but you did saved your girl
Yes you did and I am here to let you know that I thank you, thank you

[Hook]
Thank you to the ones who made this for me
I'm trying to be everything you want me
And when I'm done no matter what or where I been
You know I'm down to do it all again
Put my mind to the depths of my soul
I yearn to achieve all my goals
And all my time will be spent
On the ones I miss, I will lament
Thank you to the ones who made this for me
I'm trying to be everything you want me
And when I'm done no matter what or where I been
You know I'm down to do it all again
Put my mind to the depths of my soul
I yearn to achieve all my goals
And all my time will be spent
On the ones I miss, I will lament

[Interlude]
I will miss you forever
No one will ever take your place
For the ones I miss, eternally
I will lament

[Verse 3: Celina]
I know that I've been blessed with ability, I can do what I do
I can't complain cuz I got a new attitude
If you change the game I can change it too
I did enough chilling now I'm making my moves

[Hook]
Thank you to the ones who made this for me
I'm trying to be everything you want me
And when I'm done no matter what or where I been
You know I'm down to do it all again
Put my mind to the depths of my soul
I yearn to achieve all my goals
And all my time will be spent
On the ones I miss, I will lament

[Outro: Celina]
I yearn to achieve all my goals
And I yearn to achieve to all my goals
Yeah, oh[Q-Tip tanking]
One two..
Dedicated, dedicated..
Yo I remember, it musta been about, ninety-one, ninety-two
Somethin like that..
We had did a show, in San Fran', and 'Pac ran up on stage with us
We was doin "Check the Rhime"
And after he got up with us, went to the back
And he asked me if I saw "Juice" - figure it just came out
I remember givin him love
We always had that respect for each other heh, y'knahmsayin?
I guess uh.. we was enjoined kinda on the same path of truth
Or whatever whatever
But he still here though
I know uhm ahh ahh ahh ahh ahh I know it, y'knahmsayin?
I feel him right here
Yeah, I just feel him right here
Hah, hmm, I just feel him right here
Huh, I'ma take my time, I'ma do this joint
Ha ha ha, ha ha
The fear, in the heart, of a man
Dedicated to my heart, my ha-ha-heart
The fear, in the heart, of a man
Dedicated to my heart..

Against an attacker, I will boldly take my stand
Because my heart will show, fear for no man
Before a broken heart, I run with fright
Scared to be blind in the vulnerable night
Uhh, I believe this fear is in every man
Some will acknowledge it, others will fail to understand
Uhh uhh uhh uhh, there's no fear in a shallow heart
Because the shallow heart is faint and don't fall apart
Because the shallow heart is faint don't fall apart
But feeling hearts that truly care
Are fragile to the flow of air
And if I am to be true then I must give.. my fragile heart
My fragile heart
I may re-ceive-great-joy
Or you may re-turn it, say it again
I may re-ceive-great-joy-or you may re-turn it, ripped apart, hah
Ripped apart.. ripped apart..
Ripped apart nothing left.. ripped apart
Yeah, 2Pac Shakur
2Pac Shakur
2Pac 2Pac 2Pac
2Pac Shakur
We miss you
And we love you
And we love you
2Pac Shakur
And we miss you
And we love you
2Pac Shakur, such a beautiful man, such a beautiful man
2Pac Shakur, I said we love you mon, I said we love you mon
2Pac Shakur, mmmm yeah[Intro]
Damn son, Niggas stay doing it to us son
You gone son, Niggas think its a coincidence
Niggas be stopping us before we even get started
This is under attack baby, we going to ride though, watch us son

[Hook: 2Pac]
Some say the Government will watch me
But they can't stop me
I'm droppin' evil with the people as my posse
Some say the Government will watch me
But they can't stop me
I'm droppin' evil with the people as my posse

[Verse 1: ?]
Yo uh yea, see the lying in my eyes when I'm coming for the get back
Big mac, cock gunfire, hot tires they burning, they got us all dying and burning
They lying to destroy our earth, little birth diseases
30 millionth church for Jesus
And still our young eating out cans
Chiefing grams and weapons, I sold my first swam at seven
A smidget after first grade, shirt sprayed with talents
You made us hurt making the balance
Instead of preaching violence and fear
Silenced shares we moving, The evil go ahead a movement
Or share me the spiritual form, hear us form rebellion
We gathered up the strong and felons
The youth and all the poverty strain and were all the poverty dwelling
The story that the pottery telling
You find all in potter's field or the government files

[Hook: 2Pac]
Some say the Government will watch me
But they can't stop me
I'm droppin' evil with the people as my posse
Some say the Government will watch me
But they can't stop me
I'm droppin' evil with the people as my posse
Some say the Government will watch me
But they can't stop me
I'm droppin' evil with the people as my posse
Some say the Government will watch me
But they can't stop me
I'm droppin' evil with the people as my posse

[Verse 2: 2Pac]
Dave Duke sure look cute in that black suit Oooohhh
But even cuter behind the barrel of my six shooter ooh
You look worried cause I ain't buried
Punks leave in a hurry cause I throw flurries making mothafuckas, scurry
Come feel the flavor from my single
And brain cell's tingle I'm feeling stronger than a fuckin mad Dingo
And uh How's that for black history?
I stay strapped, and love to jack those that slang that crack misery Ha
Cause being a nigga means you love niggas
But how could you love niggas if you trying drug niggas?
You motherfuckas need your caps peeled
Cause when blacks kill blacks we stay trapped and that's, real
And we don't need no more statistic's
It's time to get more realistic for the young the black and the gifted
And uh
Until my people get uplifted
There's no popping shit, just popping clips instead of marching we gon' rip
Shit

[Hook: 2Pac]
Some say the Government will watch me
But they can't stop me
I'm droppin' evil with the people as my posse
Some say the Government will watch me
But they can't stop me
I'm droppin' evil with the people as my posse
Some say the Government will watch me
But they can't stop me
I'm droppin' evil with the people as my posse
Some say the Government will watch me
But they can't stop me
I'm droppin' evil with the people as my posse

[Verse 3: ?]
Yo whoever shot 2Pac Amaru Shakur
Will forever be a dead man laying on the floor
Revolutionary thug shit dieing for every young poor black mother in the middle of the ghetto
We never had a chance to appreciate life
The government got a plan to eliminate the life
Of every black soul on the slavery land
And oppositions we abolishing a slavery plan, pay attention every serious political band
Got a division full of killers imperial scams
They wanna kill us all off and incarcerate the family of anyone opposing the war
They want us all to appreciate death and believe up in the white god praying to the heavens above
Ima never let a devil come separate the adamic covenant, The potter's field criminals coming for the government[Intro: Stretch]
(Hahahaha)
Uh, yeah
One time representin' for Ron G (Yeah)
You know what I'm sayin'? (That's right)
Thug Life in effect (baaby), 2Pac and Big Stretch

[Verse 1: Stretch]
Straight from the Terrordome
Where my niggas packin' chrome an extra clip when it's on
Never will I go left, I'm comes right, all night nigga
With Ron G blessin' me with the hype nigga
I punch 'em up, never gave a fuck, holdin' it down
Straight catch it for you goodies then I slides up town
You know the flave, you know I love to misbehave
This ain't a maze, we'll leave you niggas dead in a daze

[Verse 2: 2Pac]
Follow me, tell me if you feel me, I think niggas is tryna kill me
Picturin' pistols, spittin' hollow points 'til they drill me
Keepin' it real, and even if I do conceal
My criminal thoughts, preoccupied with keepin' steel
See niggas is false, sittin' in court, turned snitches
That used to be real, but now they're petrified bitches
I'm tryna be strong, they sendin' armies out to bomb me
Listen to Ron, the only DJ that can calm me
Constantly armed, my firepower keep me warm
I'm trapped in the storm, and fuck the world 'til I'm gone
Bitches be warned, word is bond you'll get torn
I'm bustin' on Giuliani, he rubbin' my niggas wrong
And then it's on, before I leave picture me
I'm spittin' at punk bitches and hustlin' to be free
Watch me set it, niggas don't want it, you can get it
Bet it make these jealous niggas mad I said it
This Thug Life, nigga we don't cater to you hoes
Fuck with me, have a hundred motherfuckers at ya door with .44s

[Interlude: 2Pac]
Hahahahaha, yeah nigga
Thug Life, the waterbed, deadly combination boy
Get up outta here before you get your fuckin' head shot off
Or your ass peeled back, This how we do it out here on this underground
Real shit nigga
Watch out nigga this is '95, niggas barely stayin' alive
You know what I'm sayin' outta court, Fuck what you thought
Better stop thinkin' these niggas is fan
Ron G ain't no mother motherfuckin' joke
It's the heat nigga, now rewind this motherfucker, you know you can't help it

[Verse 3: Keith Murray]
Keith Murray is comin' from the North Side, leavin' everything left as it's guessed
With every breath past proceed the word to death
This is a Keith Murray type of D-Day, so melee
Cause I got more skills than a sen-say
Searchin' for the bottom my flow, you're vanished
My style is still the flyest most transparent
On this motherfuckin' planet
I wish a nigga would try to take it for granted
I'm mad as fuck and my lifestyle is shady
So hey yo Big Lyte, best of three 80's
You see me, you see the L.O.D
Purposely psycho, so magically
M.V.P. of the M.I.C. Rap industry
And shit is still real, here put this shit up against your grill
Niggas know my style, niggas know I'm ill
Moet in the palm, flip then I stay real calm
For niggas tryna false alarm uh
Feel the steel in ya face as I raise the base
And the pace, in ya face
Punk ass bitches know what time it is with N.Y.C
Niggas go purely crazy
Bitch ass niggas get blasted, one, blah, catch it son
Motherfuckers know directly where I'm from
I'm dead serious from Long Island, represent the East Coast
Nigga you get burnt like toast
Cause I don't give a fuck, who don't give a fuck?
We don't give a fuck, you don't give a fuck
So go buck buck buck buck
And duck like a chicken when I'm comin' through, bakin' you
Motherfuckers know my time and they know my name
And my crew, L.O.D, strictly whilin', for D
U.S.A., you see
Keith Murray, comin' through in the fly shit
Fuck around kid, you get your wig split
I don't have it, Ron G don't have it
Big Lyte don't have it, when you see it don't try to grab it
Cause it glitters and it's real gold
Fuck what you heard, and listen to what you been told

[Interlude: Keith Murray]
Yeah put that shit on hold
Once said piece to the L.O
Death squad
Waterbed
My boy 2Pac, you know what I'm sayin'?
Eric Skinner up in this beast
Niggas got slayed on the edge you know what I'm sayin'?
Eric Sermon and the death squad, y'all word up
New York in this motherfucker
East coast, west coast
From the north south to the

[Verse 4: It's Alive]
Hard times but hard rhymes
Then we picked up nines
And after that I had gotten into a life of crime
Gettin' mine stickin' laws killin' niggas in the mix
I couldn't give a fuck (It's Alive!) I was never turn to tricks
To stay up with my set game, bangin' when I have to
Never ever fail and always down to bust the caps too
At you, and that's how it went to pay the rent
And up in Cali motherfuckers know I'm gettin' paper
And now it's gettin' harder one times is on my tail
I Judge in New York cause I don't wanna go to jail
I'm lightin' up with my nigga Ron G
It's the Waterbed mad, nigga can't you see?
Nothing but the motherfuckin' bass in your face
No more crime I'm doin' rhyme, and gettin' mine up in the place
Bitches on my dick motherfucker can't survive
And nigga recognize motherfucker It's Alive!Davey D: On November 30th, 1994, while waiting in the lobby of a Times Square studio, Tupac became the victim of an attempted robbery. He resisted and was shot five times. Left for dead, Tupac shocked the world by not only surviving, but checking out the hospital just days after the incident. Tupac was in New York filming a video as well as awaiting the fate of his trial for the sexual assault charges he was indicted for the year before. He would eventually be sentenced to four and a half years in prison. He would also accuse former rap partner Notorious B.I.G. as the person who set him up to be shot. It was these accusations that intensified the supposed East/West Coast rivalry within hip hop. Now just before Tupac began serving his sentence for sexual assault charges, he released his third album entitled Me Against The World. It was on this album the world heard Tupac's tribute to his mom entitled "Dear Mama." After serving a little more than seven months in New York's correctional facilities, Tupac was released on 1.3 million dollars bail and signed to Death Row Records, the home to Snoop Dogg and Tha Dogg Pound. He quickly made noise with the release of his hit song "California Love," a track featuring himself and Dr. Dre. While awaiting his appeal, Tupac released the double album All Eyez On Me. It featured all sorts of artists, ranging from R&B crooner Jodeci to Baby Area locals like Dru Down and Richie Rich. Ironically while out on bail, Tupac had managed to again embroil himself in controversy. He was arrested twice for parole violations and accused of causing a disturbance that took place at the Soul Train Music Awards. Reports confirmed that he confronted Notorious B.I.G. backstage. On September 7th, 1996, 2Pac and CEO of Death Row Suge Knight left the Mike Tyson-Bruce Seldon fight in Las Vegas in Suge's car. A white Cadillac with four people inside pulled alongside at an intersection, and on person stepped out and opened fire. Tupac was hit four times while Suge escaped with minor injuries. Tupac was brought to the University Medical Center. On Friday, September 13, 1996, Tupac died after six days in critical condition. Tupac Shakur was pronounced dead at 4:03 PM. His body was later cremated. He was only 25.

(He was only 25, he was only 25, he was only 25, he was only 25, he was only 25, he was only 25, he was only 25, he was only 25, he was only 25, he was only 25...)

[Piano Instrumental]Introduced with innocence
who would have ever guessed
That u were the one I had
Been so desperately searching 4
u Talk as I do but yet u don't
understand when I mumble
u c as I do but your vision is
blurred by naivete
This is the barrier that separates us
I cannot cross yet
There is 2 much of me that
would frighten u so I live in
heartache because we cannot
fully explore this love and
what of your heartache
Does it feel as sharp as mine
No matter where I go or how long it takes
I will never recover from this mutual heartache.[2Pac talking]
West Side (You punk muthafuckaz) UNmuthafuckinTouchables
(What's up nigga) With the L.B.C. clique nigga (gang)
Bad boy killa, untouchable
(Hehe, you know what time it is)
Put your guns down nigga, (West Side) we UNmuthafuckinTouchable (Gang)
Die, West Side, outlaw, thuglife, M.O. muthafuckin B
L.B. muthafuckin C
What it be like, what it see like
(You know)

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Huh
Smooth criminal, individual suffer
Went to jail, made bail, seein' hell, made me rougher, gettin' money
Funny it seems, young black teens
Triple beam dreams make 'em, fiend for crack scenes
Maybe I'll fuckin' make a million
Bustin' from on top of the buildin'
A victim addicted to killin'
I can see it in my eye sight
Yo what's the Hassa?
It's a pig that don't fly right, you die tonight
Get me high I'm a killa, lyrics raise drug dealers
Turn 'em to muthafuckin' thug niggas
L.B.C. come and bare with me
Hang with the same niggas go to jail with me
Bang, with the Outlaw clique
Sick since I came out
Pull out my pistol, aim blow your brains out
Pull it, my every word like a bullet
Hollow point style, murder niggas 'til they feel it
I'm untouchable

[Verse 2: Bad Azz]
I'm that bottom rock, thinkin' 'bout no limitation
On comin' up, (hehe) dealin' wit' anybody runnin' up
They get the gat smack, cracks how my gun goes
Holes in your body and blood all over your clothes
'Cause money makes earth, what it's worth, gettin' hurt
Doin' dirt to stay spendin', you can borrow, I mean it
Any, all confrontation on the currency
Here in '96, fine chips, stackin' while I'm mackin' no mo'
It's L.B.C. and it's a no no
Talkin' what you don't know and won't know
Heat hold me down, while I keeps holdin' it down
'Cause I'm quick to rush and what
Nigga we bust 'em up
Cock it back, ready to blow your block off the map
Thug Life niggas ride wit us
Cops tryin' to get us but they can't
We untouchable

(gang gang gang)

[Verse 3: Snoop Dogg]
Hmm
When you're in the fast lane havin' money and fame
You got to, always, check, the game
Look here mane, maintain
'Cause this game is a cold thing
Can you dig it mane?
Fo sho' mane, I wish I had your game
Look here young dog, do your own thing
Them bitch ass niggas in your clique, buck 'em no
Stay real with yourself and untouchable
See that's what's wrong with you niggas now
But uh, me and my dawgs from the Thug Pound
We just paper chasin', we know nay-thing
Are you relatin' to the shit we creatin'?

[Verse 4: E.D.I. Amin]
Comin' through colder then Nova Scotia
Makaveli the Don coast to post it, make sure it's Kosher
Now we have peeped the scene, it's called the lay out
Devised a plot, ease the walls, we gotta take out, shit
So now it's time to execute, aim for the chest it's you
Nothing's cool, when you die, knowin' you kept it true
But if you didn't, broken wings
Let it be written, we ain't kiddin' to quit and
My missions smellin' my menace
Sittin' back, stacked off, spittin' and sippin' yak
These fakers play us, gettin' papers so blackjack
Perhaps, it's what we all, wanna do
Dreamin' and schemin' on livin', Untouchable

[Verse 5: Yaki Kadafi]
Well it's the O.U.T.L.A.W's, and we untouchable
Bringin' the ruckus to all you fuckin' bustin' bubble crews
'Cause nowadays spots we blaze
With dirty nines and Glocks on Yak's waistline always
The crime on these streets of this world is like a maze
Searchin' for more stunts, and blunts to blaze
Hustlin' to get paid, many different ways
Bodies drop on the other side, and the guns smokes haze
Fuckin' wit' outlawz, it's crazy, these pause don't break me
They cut like scissors, who is it, it's Yaki Kadafi
The grand wizard trump tight
To exquisite, to fuck with cowards
Best to duck quick, and run for safety
If you're shaky, heard about me lately
But ain't no jail to straight me
We untouchableThe power of a gun can kill
And the power of fire can burn
The power of wind can chill
And the power of the mind can learn
The power of anger can rage inside
Until it tears you apart
But the power of a smile,
Especially yours, can heal a frozen HeartThe power of a gun can kill
and the power of Fire can Burn
The power of wind can chill
and the power of the mind can learn
The power of anger can rage
inside until it tears u apart
But the Power of a Smile
especially yours can heal a frozen Heart"I will give u Liberty, But First give me ure spirit,
This I must confiscate Because the evil Fear it."
I too would be afraid of passion governed by reason
An open mind 2 trying times when corruption is in season
The promise that they claim
2 be completely true
is hypocrisy at its finest
A trick 2 silence u
never will I Believe a promise
from the masters of the Art
Trickery does not succeed
with those with Honest HeartsPac's story

Okay. Nigel and Trevor took me to Nell's. When we got there, I was immediately impressed, because it was different than any club I'd been in. It wasn't crowded, there was lots of space, there were beautiful women there. I was meeting Ronnie Lott from the New York Jets and Derrick Coleman from the Nets. They were coming up to me, like, "Pac, we're proud of you." I felt so tall that night, because they were people's heroes and they saying I was their hero. I felt above and beyond, like I was glowing.

Somebody introduced me to this girl. And the only thing I noticed about her: She had a big chest. But she was not attractive; she looked dumpy, like. Money came to me and said, "This girl wants to do more than meet you." I already knew what that meant: She wanted to fuck. I just left them and went to the dance floor by myself. They were playing some Jamaican music, and I'm just grooving.

Then this girl came out and started dancing-and the shit that was weird, she didn't even come to me face-first, she came ass-first. So I'm dancing to this reggae music; you know how sensuous that is. She's touching my dick, she's touching my balls, she opened my zipper, she put her hands on me. There's a little dark part in Nell's, and I see people over there making out already, so she starts pushing me this way. I know what time it is.

We go over in the corner. She's touching me. I lift up my shirt while I'm dancing, showing off my tattoos and everything. She starts kissing my stomach, kissing my chest, licking me and shit. She's going down, and I'm, like, Oh shit. She pulled my dick out; she started sucking my dick on the dance floor. That shit turned me on. I wasn't thinking, like, This is going to be a rape case. I'm thinking, like, This is going to be a good night. You know what I'm saying?

Soon as she finished that-just enough to get me solid, rock-hard-we got off the dance floor. I told Nigel, "I've got to get out of here. I'm about to take her to the hotel. I'll see you all later." Nigel was, like, "No, no, no. I'm going to take you back." We drive to the hotel. We go upstairs and have sex, real quick. As soon as I came, that was it. I was tired, I was drunk, I knew I had to get up early in the morning, so I was, like, "What are you going to do? You can spend the night or you can leave." She left me her number, and everything was cool. Nigel was spending the night in my room all these nights. When he found out she sucked my dick on the floor and we had sex, he and Trevor were livid! Trevor is a big freak; he was going crazy. All he kept asking me was, "D-d-did you fuck in the ass?" He was listening to every single detail. I thought, This is just some guy shit, it's all good.

We had a show to do in New Jersey at Club 88. This dude said, "I'll be there with a limo to pick you up at midnight." We went shopping, we got dressed up, we were all ready. Nigel was saying, "Why don't you give her a call?" So we were all sitting in the hotel, drinking. I'm waiting for the show, and Nigel's, like, "I called her. I mean, she called me, and she's on her way." But I wasn't thinking about her no second time. We were watching TV when the phone rings, and she's downstairs. Nigel gave Man-man, my manager, some money to pay for the cab, and I was, like, "Let that b*tch pay for her own cab." She came upstairs looking all nice, dressed all provocative and shit, like she was ready for a prom date.

So we're all sitting there talking, and she's making me uncomfortable, because instead of sitting with Nigel and them, she's sitting on the arm of my chair. And Nigel and Trevor are looking at her like a chicken, like she's, like, food. It's a real uncomfortable situation. So I'm thinking, Okay, I'm going to take her to the room and get a massage. I'm thinking about being with her that night at Nell's. So we get in the room, I'm laying on my stomach, she's massaging my back. I turn around. She starts massaging my front. This lasted for about a half an hour. In between, we would stop and kiss each other. I'm thinking she's about to give me another blow job. But before she could do that, some niggas came in, and I froze up more than she froze up. If she would have said anything, I would have said, "Hold on, let me finish." But I can't say nothing, because she's not saying nothing. How do I look saying, "Hold on"? That would be like I'm making her my girl.

So they came and they started touching her a**. They going, "Oooh, she's got a nice ass." Nigel isn't touching her, but I can hear his voice leading it, like, "Put her panties down, put her pantyhose down." I just got up and walked out the room.

When I went to the other suite, Man-man told me that Talibah, my publicist at the time, had been there for a while and was waiting in the bedroom of that suite. I went to see Talibah and we talked about what she had been doing during the day, then I went and laid down on the couch and went to sleep. When I woke up, Nigel was standing over me going, "Pac, Pac," and all the lights was on in both rooms. The whole mood had changed, you know what I'm saying? I felt like I was drugged. I didn't know how much time had passed. So when I woke up, it was, like, "You're going to the police, you're going to the police." Nigel walks out the room, comes back with the girl. Her clothes is on; ain't nothing tore. She just upset, crying hysterically. "Why you let them do this to me?" She's not making sense. "I came to see you. You let them do this to me." I'm, like, "I don't got time for this shit right here. You got to chill out with that shit. Stop yelling at me and looking at me all crazy." She said, "This not the last time you're going to hear from me," and slammed the door. And Nigel goes, "Don't worry about it, Pac, don't worry. I'll handle it. She just tripping." I asked him what happened, and he was, like, "Too many niggas." You know, I ain't even tripping no more, you know? niggas start going downstairs, but nobody was coming back upstairs. I'm sitting upstairs smoking weed, like, Where the fuck is everybody at? Then I get a call from Talibah from the lobby saying, "The police is down here."


Never did nothing. Only thing I saw was all three of them in there and that nigga talking about how fat her ass was. I got up, because the nigga sounded sick. I don't know if she's with these niggas, or if she's mad at me for not protecting her. But I know I feel ashamed-because I wanted to be accepted and because I didn't want no harm done to me-I didn't say nothing.{Gunshot}
[Man talking]
Yo, Red Spyda (ooh-wee) is that 50 Cent/Pac joint ready?
{Gun cocking} Let me know, holla {Gunshot}

[2Pac - from the song "Smile"]
There's gon' be some stuff you gon' see
That's gon' make it hard to smile in the future

[50 Cent talking]
Yeah nigga! Haha
Let's go nigga, this is what it is
2Pac cut his head bald
Then you wanna cut yo' head bald (You pussy nigga!)
2Pac wear a bandanna
You wan' wear a bandanna
(What do we have here now?)
2Pac put a cross on his back
You wanna put crosses on yo' back
Nigga you ain't 2Pac - This 2Pac!

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Is it, money or women to funny beginnings, tragic endings
I can make a million and STILL not get enough of spending
And since my life is based on sinning, I'm hell-bound
Rather be buried than be worried, living held down
My game plan to be trained
Military mind of a thug lord, sittin' in the cemetery cryin'
I've been lost since my adolescence, calling to Jesus
Balling as a youngster, Wondering if he sees us
Young black male, crack sales got me three strikes
Living in jail, this is hell, enemies die
Wonder when we all pass is anybody listening?
Got my, hands on my semi-shotty, everybody's listenin'
Please God can you understand me, bless my family
Guide us all, before we fall into insanity
I make it a point, to make my peep bumpin' warlike
Drop some shit, to have these stupid bitches jaws tight

[Hook: 50 Cent + (2Pac)]
'Till Makaveli returns, it's "All Eyez On Me"
(What do we have here NOW?)
And you can hate it or love it, but that's what it's gon' be
You should've listened, I told you not to fuck with me
(What do we have here NOW?)
Now can you take the pressure, that's what we gon' see
[Gun cocking, gunshot]

[Verse 2: 50 Cent]
Now since you're crying for mercy I promise
My success'll be the death of you
Lo and behold you sold your soul
Nigga there's nothin' left of you
Look in the mirror, ask yourself who are you?
If you don't know who you are, how could your dreams come true?
Motherfucker, I sat back and watched
You pretended to be 'Pac, you pretended to be hot
But you're not (now) - I see it so clear
You can't take the pressure, you pussy
I warned you not to push me
You see me and chills run up your spine
God made men the same boy, but your heart ain't like mine
Press, they look at me like I'm a menace
I was playing with guns
While your momma had your punk-ass playing tennis
I'm a nightmare, you see me when you dream
Wake up, turn on your TV and see my ass again
You cowardly-hearted, you couldn't make it on your own
Fuck The Source, I'm on cover of Rolling Stone
Hahahaha
(You pussy!)

[Hook x2][2Pac] I don't know why I be fuckin witchu

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Was it the liquor, that makes me act blind, times that I'm with her
Anonymous pictures of other niggas tryin' to kiss her
Will I love her or shall I diss her?
I'm sick of this scandalous shit I deal wit', tryin' to paint a perfect picture
My memories of jealousy no longer carefree
Cause so much bullshit your girlfriends keep tellin' me
I'm on tour, but now my bedroom's an open door
So it got me thinkin', what am I tryin' for?
When I was young I was so very dumb, eager to please
A lil', trick on a mission tryin' to get in my P
Me and my niggas is thug niggas, former known drug dealers
We don't love bitches and believe, they don't love niggas
I gotta blame my attraction
But you became a distraction, a threat to my paper stackin'
I thought you changed but now I know
Can't turn a ho into a housewife, baby, and there you go

[Hook: Jazze Pha]
There you - there you go, actin' like a ho'
There you - there you go, actin' like a ho'
There you - there you go, actin' like a ho'
Actin' like a ho', actin' like a ho'
HOE! See the word on the streets you're a
HOE! Just a groupie on a world tour
HOE! Now I found out for myself you're a
HOE! Girl you need to check yourself

[Verse 2: Kastro]
These silly bitches got this game twisted
So I don't claim 'em, just bang 'em
Papa raised a player, so player, I play 'em
I got hoes that got more, hoes than me
So how I look, gettin' hooked, like I ain't got G?
Truly cutie booty big, but that ain't enough
And the head make me beg, still that just ain't enough
When I don't trust her, the bitch be lyin' too much
When she be dyin' to fuck me you be buyin' her stuff, ho

[Verse 3: Yaki Kadafi]
See girlfriend I know, your whole M.O.'s preoccupied with mostly
Gettin' clown after clown, town coast to coast - see
I been tryin' to stay away from sluts like you
Got me turned off completely by that sheisty shit that you do
Knew from jump yo' aim
Straight through them spandex, don't front just name
Spots on yo' body for me to touch while you clutch this game
I keep flowin' like H20 it ain't nothin' for me to say
Why you keep actin' like a ho? But there you go

[Hook: Jazze Pha]
There you - there you go, actin' like a ho'
There you - there you go, actin' like a ho'
There you - there you go, actin' like a ho'
Actin' like a ho', actin' like a ho'
HOE!, see the word on the streets you're a
HOE!, just a groupie on a world tour
HOE!, now I found out for myself you're a
HOE!, girl you need to check yourself

[Verse 4: Young Noble]
Uhh, when I first met her I told her I was busy all the time
Now she, callin' me flippin' like she miss me all the time
How she, don't even trip she got a man at home
You need to stop chasin' dick bitch and raise your son
I'm like - damn, we can creep sometime
And you know I'm on the road for like weeks at a time
Girl you're thirsty; and stop callin' while I'm workin' you hurtin' me
All this bullshit is irkin' me girl, but there you go

[Verse 5: Big Syke]
I blame it on yo' momma, she need to holla at you
But should I blame it on yo' daddy for all the things that you do
Cause there you go, just like a ho, caught in the streets
Like givin' yo' number out to every nigga you meet
I'm tired of the games you playin', so stop playin' (ho)
You hear what I'm sayin, you only good for parlayin'
I'm layin' down the rules, this a game that you lose
So the streets can have you baby cause I stay on the move

[Hook: Jazze Pha]
There you - there you go, actin' like a ho' (there you go!!)
There you - there you go, actin' like a ho' (actin' like a real ho')
There you - there you go, actin' like a ho'
Actin' like a ho', actin' like a ho'
HOE!, see the word on the streets you're a
HOE!, just a groupie on a world tour
HOE!, now I found out for myself you're a
HOE!, girl you need to check yourself

[Outro: 2Pac]
There you go baby girl, That's the story
There you Motherfuckin' go
I coulda Swore you told me you was gon' change
And you don't wanna go to clubs no more and
You wasn't fin' to dress all crazy no more and
You was gon' stay home and try to chill
What happened baby?
Ohh, so yo' friend wanted to go out
That wasn't you that went out
You was just goin' out cause yo' friend was
Okay, so you was pissy drunk up in that nigga car
Cause yo' friend wanted to get drunk huh?
It's all good, cause there you go baby
Oh I ain't trippin' on them niggas callin' the house
It's all good, cause there you go
Me I'ma still be a player, all day baby
So uhh, there you go

[Hook: Jazze Pha]
There you - there you go, actin' like a ho'
There you - there you go, actin' like a ho'
There you - there you go, actin' like a ho'
Actin' like a ho', actin' like a ho'
HOE!, see the word on the streets you're a
HOE!, just a groupie on a world tour
HOE!, now I found out for myself you're a
HOE!..Did you hear about the rose that grew
from a crack in the concrete?
Proving nature's law is wrong it
learned to walk with out having feet.
Funny it seems, but by keeping it’s dreams,
it learned to breathe fresh air.
Long live the rose that grew from concrete
when no one else ever cared.* Poems written by Shakur as ~ interpreted by other artists

[Intro: 2Pac]
You try to plant somethin in the conrete, y'knowhatImean?
If it GROW, and the and the rose petal got all kind of
Scratches and marks, you not gon' say, "Damn, look at
All the scratches and marks on the rose that grew from concrete"
You gon' be like, "Damn! A rose grew from the concrete?!"
Same thing with me, y'knahmean? I grew out of all of this
Instead of sayin, "Damn, he did this, he did this,"
Just be like, "DAMN! He grew out of that? He came out of that?"
That's what they should say, y'knowhatImean?
All the trouble to survive and make good out of the dirty, nasty
Y'knowhahatImean unbelievable lifestyle they gave me
I'm just tryin to make somethin..

[Refrain 1: Nikki Giovanni]
When no one even cared
The rose it grew from concrete
Keepin all these dreams
Provin nature's laws wrong
It learned how to walk without havin feet
It came from concrete

[Verse 2: Spoken part]
Did you hear about the rose that grew from a crack in the concrete?
Provin nature's laws wrong it learned how to walk without havin feet
Funny it seems but, by keepin its dreams
It, learned to breathe FRESH air
Long live the rose that grew from concrete
When no one else even cared
No one else even cared..
The rose that grew from concrete

[Verse 3: Spoken part]
Did you hear..
Did you hear about the rose that grew from a crack in the concrete?
Provin nature's laws wrong
It learned to walk without having feet
Funny it seems but by keeping its dreams
It learned to breathe FRESH air
Long live the rose that grew from concrete
When no one else, even cared

[Refrain 2: Nikki Giovanni]
Keepin all these dreams
Provin nature's laws wrong
It learned how to walk without havin feet (to breathe the fresh air)
It came from concrete (to breathe the fresh air)
(to breathe the fresh air, to breathe the fresh air)

[Outro: 2Pac]
You see you wouldn't ask why the rose that grew from the concrete
Had damaged petals. On the contrary, we would all celebrate its
Tenacity. We would all love it's will to reach the sun
Well, we are the roses - this is the concrete - and these are
My damaged petals. Don't ask me why, thank God nigga, ask me how!
Hahahaha..Did you hear about the rose that grew from a crack
in the concrete
Proving nature's laws wrong it learned 2 walk
without having feet
Funny it seems, but by keeping its dreams
it learned 2 breathe fresh air
Long live the rose that grew from concrete
when no one else even cared!Did you hear about the rose that grew
from a crack in the concrete?
Proving nature's law is wrong it
learned to walk with out having feet.

Funny it seems, but by keeping it's dreams,
it learned to breathe fresh air.
Long live the rose that grew from concrete
when no one else ever cared.[Verse 1]
Growing up as an inner city brotha
Where every other had a pops and a motha
I was the product of a heated lover
Nobody knew how deep it screwed me
And since my pops never knew me
My family didn't know what to do with me
Was I somebody they despised?
Curious look in they eyes
As if they wonder if I'm dead or alive
And poor momma can't control me
"Quit tryin' to save my soul, I wanna roll with my homies!"
A tickin' timebomb, can't nobody fade me
Packin' a 380 and fiendin' for Mercedes
Suckers scatter but it don't matter I'm a cool shot
Punks drop from all the buckshots the fools got
I'm tired of being a nice guy
I've been poor all my life, but don't know quite why
So they label me a lunatic
Could care less, death or success
Is what I quest 'cause I'm fearless
Now the streets are deathrow

[Hook]
('cause I'll beat you down like it ain't nothin')
The streets are deathrow
('cause I'll beat you down like it ain't nothin')
The streets are deathrow

[Verse 2]
I just murdered a man, I'm even more stressed, wearin' a vest
Hopin' that they're aimin' at my chest
Much too young to bite the bullet
Hand on the trigga
I see my life before my eyes each time I pull it
I hope I live to be a man
Must be part of some big plan to keep a brotha in the state pen
Counting pennies over the years I'd done stacked many
Proving wrong those
Who swore I'd wouldn't live till twenty
Now they gotta cope
Since it's the only thing I know
It's difficult to let it go
I'm startin' to lose my hair 'cause I worry
Hustlin' to keep from gettin' buried
But now I gotta move away now
'Cause these suckers love ta' spray where I lay down
My homie lost his family, he snapped;
Shot up half the block to bring them back
The streets are deathrow

[Hook]
('cause I'll beat you down like it ain't nothin')
The streets are deathrow
('cause I'll beat you down like it ain't nothin')
The streets are deathrow
('cause I'll beat you down like it ain't nothin')
The streets are deathrow
('cause I'll beat you down like it ain't nothin')

[Verse 3]
I'm dangerous when drunk I only drink beer
Gin makes me sin
Unable to think clear
Hennessy makes me think my enemy is getting close
BOOM BOOM BOOM
Got me shooting at a ghost
Some call me crazy but this is what you gave me
Amongst the babies who raised up from the slavery
I sport a vest and hit the sess to kill the stress
Moved out west and I invest in all the best
Those who test will find a bullet in they chest
Put to rest, by a brotha who was hopeless
Grow up broke, on the rope of insanity
How many pistols smoking comin' from a broken family?
I'm sick of being tired
Sick of the sirens, bodybags, and the guns firin'
Tell Bush, "Push the button!" 'cause I'm fed
Tired of hearin' these voices in my head
The streets are deathrow

[Hook]
('cause I'll beat you down like it ain't nothin')
The streets are deathrow
('cause I'll beat you down like it ain't nothin')
The streets are deathrow
('cause I'll beat you down like it ain't nothin')
The streets are deathrow
('cause I'll beat you down like it ain't nothin')
The streets are deathrow
('cause I'll beat you down like it ain't nothin')
The streets are deathrow
('cause I'll beat you down like it ain't nothin')
The streets are deathrow
('cause I'll beat you down like it ain't nothin')
The streets are deathrow

[Outro]
This go out to my partners in the Live Squad
(like it ain't nothin')
And all my homies out there involved in that 187
Watch your back
There's got to be a better way
There's too many of us in the cemetery
I love it when they fear me!
Come on, what we gonna do now?
I love it when they fear me!
The streets are deathrow *echoes*[Chief Okena Littlehawk]
The sun.. and the moon

{*begins to speak in another language*}

Ah uno enah a toha
Agitri gete ah lihi
Adola tee; Talhi; a Dalahi
Ah yeneaha; Anokya talahi
Adohawe niti; Nihi adoukahali
Kanati kalahati talha
Tihanuetah; He tel ha
Be nah ha tak ha
Oosof nehee

Your ways are similar, to the rays of the sun
Warm to many, but too strong for some
The more you are needed, the brighter you shine
Watch them for too long, your brilliance will blind
The eyes of mortal men, threaten you with doom
They regret to see you, set, but it is time, for the moonThe day u chose 2 leave me
it rained constantly outside
in truth I swore the rain 2 be
The tears in Cupid's eyes

TSQUESTION:
WHEN WILL THERE BE PEACE ON EARTH?
ANSWER: WHEN THE EARTH FALLS 2 PIECES!![Intro: 2Pac Talking]
I wanted to bring back that reality
But nobody can ever be confused and think I'm fuckin Mike Tyson
And I'm the heavyweight champion, I'm a little nigga
That's why its so raw to just watch me battle lions
Cause I'm a little skinny nigga battlin' niggas three times my size

Watch this uppercut, here it comes..
Watch the jab nigga...ugh...here it come
Look out, watch my arms..

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Now see so many motherfuckers wanna take a piece
Commin' equipped with some shit that niggas just can't believe
I pull a trick from my sleeve now kamikaze
I'm all over that nigga, come identify the body
My middle finger to you ho niggas
Run up on me and I'll be forced to let it go nigga
I ain't the one you wanna try, why? Stayin' high
I hit this blunt and watch these motherfuckers die
Whose runnin these streets I said that cocaine
Cause in the dope game, niggas'll die 'fore they go broke mayne
Another hustler makin' major cash
'til the punk police come an raid ya ass
Now you stressed doin' fed time
And its a bitch cause the judge gave you 8 years
You doin 6 and we know that you can't hang
You a trick rolled over turned snitch like a bitch

[Chorus: 2Pac]
Now you know you should have ducked nigga
Gotchu fallin from the uppercut, fucked, so what's up? nigga!
Now you know you should have ducked nigga
Gotchu fallin' from this uppercut, stuck, so what's up? nigga!

[Verse 2: 2Pac]
They got a nigga in the dice game
I'm feelin' lucky but the nigga just a little bigger
He tryin fuck me out my cash, I'ma blast nigga
He don't know I gotta tell ya like the last nigga
Gotta go don't need to roll for the truck, I get 'em up
Left to right, my uppercut'll hit 'em up
I'm known to walk the streets on any block
I love my niggas, but I ain't puttin down my Glock
The gun shots rang when I lose nigga, and ooh nigga
I'ma show you not to ever play a true nigga (haha)
Lay it down just to prove it
And fuck the rappin motherfucker we can do this

[Chorus: 2Pac]
Now you know you should have ducked nigga
Gotchu fallin from the uppercut, fucked, so what's up? nigga!
Now you know you should have ducked nigga
Gotchu fallin' from this uppercut, stuck, so what's up? nigga!

[Verse 3: E.D.I. and Young Noble of the Outlawz]
They claim that we violent, we named after tyrants
This revolution won't be televised, we keep it silent
Roll on our enemies, beat 'em at they own game
Molotov cocktails, releasing up in flames
Tired of bein' stepped on, sick of bein' held back
Lookin' through my rear view, thinkin' bout the pay back
Wanna see my kids grow don't know if I'ma make it though
One more nigga came up short in the ghetto
Society lied to me so I'm strapped with the metal
Push ya middle finger up nigga if you a rebel
Have ya face down goin' in ya pockets if ya let em'
I done lost too many homies for me to ever forget em'
I done made so many mistakes but still I don't regret em'
I'm a product of the pimp, the pusher, and the reverend
I'm a product of the block, the fiends and the felons
We all lost souls tryna find our way to heaven

[Chorus: 2Pac]
Now you know you should have ducked nigga
Gotchu fallin from the uppercut, fucked, so what's up? nigga!
Now you know you should have ducked nigga
Gotchu fallin' from this uppercut, stuck, so what's up? nigga!

[Outro: E.D.I. Talking]
To all the comrads no longer with us, see you when we get there
'Pac, Yak, we gon' keep on ridin', give these cowards the uppercut
'Til we get up there with y'all, YOU KNOW!
Thug Life we still livin it
Outlaw for life, in the name of the Don, let's go![Intro: 2Pac]
Y'all ain't never just tripped and pictured
And just looked at the whole situation
‘Cause once you look at it
You know, (really do)

[Hook: 2Pac]
They don't give a fuck about us
They don't give a fuck about us
They don't give a fuck about us
If I choose to ride, thuggin' 'til the day I die
Nobody give a fuck about us
And when I start to rise
A hero in their children's eyes
Now they give a fuck about us

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Some say niggas is hard-headed ‘cause we love to trip
Equipped with game so we bang with this thuggish shit
I see you tryin' to hide, hopin' that nobody don't notice
You must always remember: you're still a member of the hopeless
See, you're black like me, so you snap like me
When these devils try to plot, trap our young black seeds
Look it, cops are just as crooked as the niggas they chasin'
Lookin' for role models, our father figures is basers
Some say they expect Illuminati take my body to sleep
Niggas at the party with they shotties just as rowdy as me
Before I fear computer chips, I gotta deal with brothers flippin'
I don't see no devils bleedin', only black blood drippin'
We can change — what your mouth say?
I'm watchin' niggas work their lives out without pay
Whatever it takes to switch places with the busters on top
I'm bustin' shots, make the world stop
They don't give a fuck about us

[Hook: 2Pac]
Now If I choose to ride, thuggin' 'til the day I die
Nobody gives a fuck about us
But when I start to rise
A hero in their children's eyes
Now they give a fuck about us
If I choose to ride, thuggin' 'til the day I die
Nobody gives a fuck about us
But when I start to rise
A hero in their children's eyes
Now they give a fuck about us

[Verse 2: E.D.I. Mean]
It's the morning after and now all the laughter is gone
Time to reflect on what you did, ‘cause they sayin' you wrong
I'm sure you had your reasons, dawg, I don't doubt ya
See, the simple fact of the matter is they don't give a fuck about ya
Or them five mouths you forced to feed, not includin' yourself
All you want is wealth, they perceive it as greed
So as you loaded up that MAC and continue to buck 'em
I was on paper, thinkin' they don't give a fuck about us

[Verse 3: 2Pac]
I'm seein' it clearer, hatin' the picture in the mirror
They claim we inferior, so why the fuck these devils fear ya?
I'm watchin' my nation die, genocide the cause
Expect a blood bath, the aftermath is y'alls
I told you, last album, we need help 'cause we dyin'
Give us a chance, help us advance, ‘cause we tryin'
Ignore my whole plea, watchin' us in disgust
And then they beg when my guns bust
They don't give a fuck about us

[Hook: 2Pac]
Now If I choose to ride, thuggin' 'til the day I die
Nobody gives a fuck about us
But when I start to rise
A hero in their children's eyes
Now they give a fuck about us
If I choose to ride, thuggin' 'til the day I die
Nobody gives a fuck about us
But when I start to rise
A hero in their children's eyes
Now they give a fuck about us

[Verse 4: Kastro]
Now, all my homies got love for me
Down to catch a slug for me
Guaranteed to bleed deeply, now that's love
Shit, nobody else could give a fuck
If I'm tore down, from the floor down, six-feet deep in the cut
What the fuck done went wrong?
How long will I be mourned?
When I'm gone, same song, ain't gave a fuck all along
And who am I to blame 'em?
Just do or die through the rainin'
Since they don't give a fuck, I don't; feel what I'm sayin'?

[Verse 5: Kadafi]
Now, thug niggas die but multiply in doubles
Wrapped in plastic or closed casket for our troubles
Pressed in times, we busted, like bubbles
With the police, this nation's peace sent here to run you
Now look at what this crooked world has come to
I grew up on the other side of perfect, a life of hurtin'
Man, I still hustle, so I'm dyin' certain
So I spent your time in poor and workin', I see no reason
So I stay ballin' season to season
Why you stuck thinkin' that they give a fuck?

[Verse 6: Napolean]
You tell me my world is in peace, but nigga, you're lyin'
‘Cause half of my niggas long gone
Buried in the dirt just for tryin'
Sometimes I think my block is dyin' and that is awful
To wake up to another day, shit ain't changed that's all fool
I wake up sweatin', dreamin', coughin'
Seein' me upside down backwards head twisted
While I'm layin' in the coffin
The shit comes around so often; so tell me somethin'
Before I take it out on the world, and get to dumpin'
Nigga, I been so through pain, go through the struggle
Doin' the same thing you did at my age, and that's hustlin'
On the edge of straight bustin'
Well, since you don't give a fuck, I be frontin'
And I'ma drink my Hennessy like it ain't nothin'

[Hook: 2Pac]
If I choose to ride, thuggin' 'til the day I die
They don't gives a fuck about us
But while I'm kickin' rhymes
Kick it to their children's minds
Now they give a fuck about us
They wanna see us die
They kick us every time we try
‘Cause they don't give a fuck about us
So while I'm gettin' high
I'm watchin' as the world goes by
‘Cause they don't give a fuck about us
If I choose to ride, thuggin' 'til the day I die
They don't gives a fuck about us
But while I'm kickin' rhymes
Kick it to their children's minds
Now they give a fuck about us
They wanna see us die
They kick us every time we try
‘Cause they don't give a fuck about us
So while I'm gettin' high
I'm watchin' as the world goes by
‘Cause they don't give a fuck about us
Riiise… riiise![Intro: 2Pac]
Aye, we doin' this for the fans
For the motherfuckers that be in our corner
This right here is some live shit
Ain't one word written down
Ain't no words from my mind
This is the shit right off the level
This how we do it
Cause most of the time, what niggas like

[Bridge: 2Pac]
Niggas know me!!!
But they don't know the D-O-double-G (no they don't)
They don't know oh-oh-oh
I say they swear they know me!!!
But they don't know the D-O-double-G (ha ha)
They don't know oh-oh-oh
My niggas down with me!!!
Until the day I d-i-e-e-e
You ho's know oh-oh-oh
I say my niggas down with me!!!
Until the day I d-i-e-e-e
You ho's know oh-oh-oh

[Chorus: 2Pac & Snoop Dogg]
If there's a cure for this
I don't want it, I don't need it
And if there's a cure for this
I don't need it, I don't want it
If there's a cure for this
I don't want it, I don't need it (biatch)
And if there's a cure for this
I don't need it, I don't want it

[Verse 1: Snoop Dogg]
I'm up early in the mornin', tryin' to get paid
Cause my mind's on my money, everything is so made
I play game in the youngster, as a youngster
Tryin' to make my money, tryin' to become a hustler (yes)
Finally made the status
Gladys Knight and the Pips
Snoop Dogg 'bout to trip
Catch your grip and then I'll dip
Makin' money is a must for me, I gots to have it
Cause you know my lifestyle is like 2Pac's, it's just so lavish
Just movin' on paper; movin', makin' and shakin'
Leavin' fools in a daze, as if, I was a Laker
Break 'em down and shake 'em, pass it off to 2Pac
And let him take a jump shot
Because he gon' give it all he got

[Verse 2: 2Pac]
Back in the old days, niggas was suckers, tried to belittle me
But that was when I was much smaller, just a little G
But now I'm a just a bigger baller
Niggas don't wanna see me, because I'm larger and taller
Made my money get bigger, bank account is larger
Niggas don't wanna see me
They label Dogg the father
When they see us on the streets, niggas scream peace
They don't want it
Cause they screamin' they "Can't C Me"
You heard the album, All Eyez On Me

[Chorus: 2Pac & Snoop Dogg]
If there's a cure for this
I don't want it, I don't need it
And if there's a cure for this
I don't need it, I don't want it
If there's a cure for this
I don't want it, I don't need it
And if there's a cure for this
I don't need it, I don't want it

[Verse 3: Snoop Dogg]
Take a trip around the world (world!!)
Cause that's what a nigga love to do (love!!)
I'm havin' money like a nigga's 'suppose to ('pose to)
You know this money be the topic that I'm spittin' on (riiight)
Cause I gots to get my grip and fingers gots to keep it on
I'm scratchin' for some scratch and some scrilla
Tryin' to get the big paper
Cause yo, paper is a killer
Leavin' niggas on daze
Cause yes, money pays
Cause, if you ain't got it
Then it seems you out plottin'
Tryin' to do you a robbery, or some type of assault
But you just might get caught
But you know it ain't my fault
I'm gon' dip away and slip away
And find me a hideaway (hey!!)
And look for my nigga 'Pac
Gon' and take the ride away

[Verse 4: 2Pac]
Well I'll be right there homie, uh
What's up baby?
You lookin' crazy like you don't really know me (know me)
I know you heard the album, I Ain't Mad at Cha (mad at cha)
So move closer, big baby, let me stab at cha (stab at cha)
You know the rules, Big 'Pac in this motherfucker (motherfucker)
Don't look at me crazy, cause baby I ain't with them other suckers (suckers)
This Thug Life, baby, Outlaw Immortalz
I thought I taught you
Baby we don't do it, but we fought you
And when we did, we beat you ass niggas in the streets
To the motherfuckin' studio
Soundin' like Phil Collins, singin' su-su-sudio
You niggas is booty

[Chorus: 2Pac & Snoop Dogg]
If there's a cure for this
I don't want it, I don't need it
And if there's a cure for this
I don't need it, I don't want it
If there's a

[Bridge: 2Pac & Snoop Dogg]
I say niggas know me!!!
But do they know the D-O-double-G? (I don't think so)
They don't know oh-oh-oh (they don't know oh oh oh)
Say niggas know me (know me)
But do they know the D-O-double G?
You don't know oh-oh-oh
Niggas down with me!!! (down wit him nigga)
Until the day I D-I-E (Thug Life Thug Life)
You ho's know oh-oh (Dogg Pound Dogg Pound)
I say down with me (down wit him nigga, down wit him)
Until the day I D-I-E
You ho's know oh-oh

[Verse 5: Snoop Dogg]
It's like a family
Corleone style (Corleone), or mafioso (Outlaw)
Snoop Dogg 'bout to do it like Mussolini slow
E.D.I. what up nigga? I see you, I feel you real now
Snoop Dogg 'bout to show how you, how I peel the crowd
I step back, relax
New jacks, they get smacked up against the wall
When they, think that they can get with that, nigga Doggy Dogg
I'm so smo-o-o-th (so smooth), I keep it on the real-a (real-a, kill-a)
Cause, I'm a true killa when it come to makin' scrilla

[Verse 6: 2Pac]
Them niggas know, I suppose they froze
Once they seen me and the Dogg, doin' clothes in the videos
Bitches pause, we all up in them drawers
Baby you know the secret, uh, I gots to keep it
Money, paper, and bitches, my only motto
Drink out the cold forty bottle
My dog, you know these niggas is hogs (haha)
Now me and Snoop came up, and built our name up
Bitches thought they had us crossed, but bitch I got my game
Plus, I'm a motherfuckin' baller, alcoholic
You can ask my homie K
He'll tell you, I've been ballin' since around the way
And E.D.I., had a baby
He's needy, but he's crazy
Got these niggas runnin' wild from this fuckin' .380, now uh

[Outro/Chorus: 2Pac & Snoop Dogg]
Check this out
If there's a cure for this (then nigga)
I don't want it, I don't need it
And if there's a cure for this
I don't need it, I don't want it
If there's a cure for this
You don't want it biatch
Don't need it (that's it)pretty smiles
deceiving laughs
and people who dream with their eyes open
lonely children
unanswered cries
and souls who have given up hoping
The other thing that breaks hearts
R fairy tales that never come true
and selfish people who lie 2 me
selfish people just like uThis ain't livin'.. nigga!

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
I hear even the smaller G's be dippin' Chevy Impalas
While flossin' their gold D's, O.G.'s, is who they follow
We swallow tomorrow's seed, what we leave is hollow
We feed violence and greed, let 'em lead tomorrow
In time, they grip a nine, sippin' wine, they rap
Still I be starin', watch the parents sacrifice their child
The love's gone, a thug's home, with no love
Feelin' so strong, make young boys into drug dealers
Now one for adolescents, now dos for those
Keep your friends by your side, even close your foes
Now three for Johnny Law tryin' to take my chips
I never pulled the trigger, didn't touch that bitch
Throw your hands in the air, it's a robbery
(censored) 'Pac, would you ride with me?
Let's go see what our enemies talkin' 'bout
When G's enter the house nobody's walkin' out
This ain't livin', it's similar to prison, we're trapped
My homies jealous plus they tell us that the phones is tapped
I watch my back twenty-fo' seven
And never let a busta send a G to ghetto heaven, you know
This is how it goes when we floss with flows
Before I toss your ho, it'll cost you mo'
I do shows, make a lot of dough, murder my foes
But I'd give it all up, if it would help you grow
This ain't livin'

[Hook: Vanessa & 2Pac]
Takes a life to make a life (takes a life)
Livin' in the world of crime and I (takes a life)
This ain't livin'
Can’t find a better way to break through
This ain't livin', I gotta do what I gotta do
This ain't livin'
Takes a life to make a life (takes a life)
Livin' in the world of crime and I (takes a life)
Can’t find a better way to break through
This ain't livin', I gotta do what I gotta do

[Verse 2: 2Pac]
Peep it - gunfire is produced at alarmin' rates
Today's youth, quick to shoot, get in the car and break
"It Takes a Nation of Millions" if we intend to stop the killin'
Just search your feelings, participatin' should be appealin'
They're our seeds and when they bleed, we bleed
That's what becomes of lonely children, they turn to G's
Heavenly father can you rescue
My young nation, rest the Lord will protect you, respect due
Not a threat as I step in blue, and check those
That oppose when I froze them fools
And who are you, to watch me fall farther?
I disappeared, reappeared as the (censored)
Follow me now
Skippin' class, and livin' fast, will get your ass
Stuck in the Pen', doin' life plus ten
Young brother pump your brakes for me
Before you choke, won't you soak up some game from your big homie
This ain't livin', we givin' you jewels, use 'em as tools
Explode on they industry and fade them fools
You know the rules, gotta be a rider
You can run the red lights but read the street signs, hey
This for all of y'all that keep on raisin' hell
Put a pistol in your hand and let you fade yourself
It ain't right, what you put your momma through, young G
Gotta change your life, take the game from me
This ain't livin'

[Hook: Vanessa]
Takes a life to make a life (takes a life)
Livin' in the world of crime and I (takes a life)
Can’t find a better way to break through
This ain't livin', I gotta do what I gotta do
Takes a life to make a life (takes a life)
Livin' in the world of crime and I (takes a life)
Can’t find a better way to break through
This ain't livin', I gotta do what I gotta do
Takes a life to make a life (takes a life)
Livin' in the world of crime and I (takes a life)
Can’t find a better way to break through
This ain't livin', I gotta do what I gotta do
Takes a life to make a life (takes a life)
Livin' in the world of crime and I (takes a life)
Can’t find a better way to break through
This ain't livin', I gotta do what I gotta do[Intro: 2Pac]
In this motherfucking life I lead, shit
A hell of motherfucking road blocks
And crooked cops
We still ride though
What side? Westside

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
I want money in large amounts
My garage full of cars that bounce
Movin' my tapes in major ways, ‘cause every dollar counts
Busters is jealous and half these niggas is punks
They runnin' off at the mouth 'til I fill it up with my pump
They jump, my automatic keep 'em wary
Why you frontin' like you Billy Badass? Nigga, you scary
I've been knowin' you for years
We was high school peers, in junior high
I was itchin' to kill, and you was ready to die
While you bullshittin', niggas was dyin' and catchin' cases
Bustin' my automatics at motherfuckers in foreign places
Leavin' no trace, they see my face and they buried
Them bitches die in a hurry, still I ride, I'm never worried
Mr. Makaveli tell me to ride, and I'ma ride
Pick my enemies out the crowd, and motherfuckers die
It's not the way I wanna live, my nigga, it's how it is
Homie got into a fight last night that killed his kids

[Hook: 2Pac]
In this life I lead, fiend for currency, get high off weed
Collect G's, make my enemies bleed
When you see me, nigga, holla my set!
And watch 'em ride, Outlaw motherfuckers 'til we die
In this life I lead, fiend for currency, get high off weed
Collect G's, make my enemies bleed
When you see me, nigga, holla my set!
And watch 'em ride, Outlaw motherfuckers
'Til we die, in this life I lead

[Verse 2: Young Noble]
I ain't a killer but don't push me, dawg
For the family I'll send that ass straight to God
In this life I lead, I seen the most of my 23 years
When vision is blurry, the money is clear
Some of my peers eternally will sleep in a coffin
And when Nob' on the road, I'm extremely cautious
It happen that fast, split second you gone
At the top of my tombstone put "Nob' was raw"
Outlaw 'til I'm under the floor, for Kadafi the Prince
I stack dough like I clocked all the bricks
With a watch on my wrist, dawg, I know the time these days
We Outlawz, we gon' die this way nigga (nigga)
We already in the history books, 'Pac made sure of that
Whatever you took, we takin' it back
You know it's all for the foundation
Outlawz, we still buildin' the Thug Nation; holla at ya homie!

[Hook: 2Pac]
In this life I lead, fiend for currency, get high off weed
Collect G's, make my enemies bleed
When you see me, nigga, holla my set!
And watch 'em ride, Outlaw motherfuckers 'til we die
In this life I lead, fiend for currency, get high off weed
Collect G's, make my enemies bleed
When you see me, nigga, holla my set!
And watch 'em ride, Outlaw motherfuckers
'Til we die, in this life I lead

[Verse 3: Napoleon]
It ain't nothin' but in-between nuts, oxygen is gettin' hot
Got a problem, old fag-ass nigga, kick rocks
*Bin Laden* on the phone and that nigga talkin' crazy
I don't know who to blame, him or *Bush* for killin' babies
I'm a New Jerz' Devil, the street, creative rebel
Only got one shot to produce on every level
This is bags I must, go the max I must
Nigga, I came from not much, so money I clutch
Uh-uh, Napoleon the strength of the strong-arm
When they think they was in the right
I prove they movin' wrong
I'm a hardcore product of the ghetto
Been blessed fo' sho' to eat from out the ghetto
I maneuver, in the right lane, quick to push back brains
Switchin' to the left lane, I'm playin' my hands
And I'm plottin' on the fortune, it's gettin' hot and scorchin'
I'm diggin' like a scorpion that torture they enemies

[Hook: 2Pac]
In this life I lead, fiend for currency, get high off weed
Collect G's, make my enemies bleed
When you see me, nigga, holla my set!
And watch 'em ride, Outlaw motherfuckers 'til we die
In this life I lead, fiend for currency, get high off weed
Collect G's, make my enemies bleed
When you see me, nigga, holla my set!
And watch 'em ride, Outlaw motherfuckers
'Til we die, in this life I lead

[Verse 4: Kastro]
Now with this Outlaw lifestyle that I been introduced to
Money and hoes keep us closer to Lucifer
Steady seducin' us and now I'm all for it
This the life for me and the law can't spoil it
So you can call it what the fuck you want
But I'm a ballin' alcholic with a sawed-off pump
My momma ain't raised no punk; and neither did 'Pac
So when it jump off, I breathe for Yak'
Been puttin' in work, so I walk with a bop
And it ain't safe at home, so I sleep with a Glock (no mistakes)
Thug livin', uhh, what the fuck'd be better?
I do my dirt with the family so we dyin' together

[Verse 5: E.D.I.]
We on a mission for mo', gangsta shit on you hoes
We ain't fuckin' with you most
Just crooks and niggas about they flow
Tryin' to live Godzilla
E.D.I. went from a Bad Boy to an anybody killer
Look out, wanted man, guns in hand, stand firm
Nuts and my pride, now let's burn
Bound to the fam going down swingin'
Holding my ground, now we the last ones breathin'
Won't stop until we even deep in the trenches
So many killings it's senseless
So in this life I lead, I stay protected
By God, my squad, and this thing in my palm
Now all my hustlin' motherfuckers, get your money, sing along

[Hook: 2Pac]
In this life I lead, fiend for currency, get high off weed
Collect G's, make my enemies bleed
When you see me, nigga, holla my set!
And watch 'em ride, Outlaw motherfuckers 'til we die
In this life I lead, fiend for currency, get high off weed
Collect G's, make my enemies bleed
When you see me, nigga, holla my set!
And watch 'em ride, Outlaw motherfuckers
'Til we die, in this life I lead

[Outro: 2Pac]
This motherfuckin' life I lead, nigga
You know what time it is
Westside, Death Row
(Dogg Pound) e'rybody killer
Bad Boy killer, So So Def killer
Thug Life, Death Row
E'rybody killer; fuck all y'all niggas!
If it ain't Westside, nigga, it ain't poppin'
That's on my mama[Intro: 2Pac]
(I love this motherfucka tryna catch me)
(fuck this nigga)
(what's happen, what's happen)
(fuck you wanna trip fool, what's happen nigga fool)
(we can throw it off nigga)
Two niggas about to have a fight, look, look, check it out
(we can throw it off nigga)
(What's up nigga?, what's up?)
Throw yo mothafuckin' hands up nigga, throw yo hands up
That's right, we gone take it back
These mothafuckas goin' to start catchin' lefts and rights and uppercuts
I don't give a fuck
Put your guns down, lets have fun now
Throw your hands Up, that's right nigga
We goin' ol' school on these suckas

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
How many suckas wanna see me
Jealous, cause they peepin' me on TV
Mad, cause they bitches wanna G me
Now take it easy, it ain't my fault to see a hooker
You should've shook her, don't playahate me when I took her
Life of a crook, look at them thug niggas ballin' y'all
I gotcha hoochies full of liquor fuckin' all of y'all
And my, name!!, will be synonymous with spittin' game
Slangin' 'caine, it ain't the same, niggas better change
Them 3 strikes will have ya stretched fo' life
Get arrested twice The third time fo' life
And I, don't think you understand me G
That Penitentiary time just ain't the plan for me
I got a, new thang; getcha papers and do thangs
Niggas ain't followin' ya true game
Cause if they was, they wouldn't be runnin' for they trunk
Every time that it's time for funk
Mothafucka throw yo hands up

[Hook: 2Pac, Killa, Moe ZMD & Ronnie Love]
Leave the guns and the knives at home
Don't be a punk ass nigga when the time is on
Throw ya hands (just throw ya hands up)
Throw ya hands up in the air (get 'em up, come on)
Throw ya hands up
Leave the guns and the knives at home
Don't be a punk ass nigga when the time is on
(we no punk ya little trick ass nigga, come on)
Throw ya hands up (just throw ya hands up)
Throw ya hands up (get 'em up)

[Verse 2: 2Pac]
Could it be, that controversy was my destiny
I let my anger get the best of me
Everywhere we hang its the same thang
In '95 you can die if ya gang bang
You could survive, gettin' high like a true G
Can't close my eyes cause these cowards wanna do me
And sue me I've been hustlin' since day one
Out on the block and never stop until my pay come
But now a days Its like bang, bang, duck quick
I guess you rookies tough shit, cause you bust clips
But suck dick, cause a kid got his cap pealed
The rap deal from the phonies who pack steel
And act ill, Everybody wanna act hard
I swear to god It's the season to pull a nigga card
You fuckin' frauds can't handle business like a soldier
I bet you too petrified to throw it from the shoulders
Nigga, now throw your hands up

[Hook: 2Pac Killa, Moe ZMD & Ronnie Love]
Leave the guns and the knives at home
Don't be a punk ass nigga when the time is on
Throw ya hands up
Throw ya hands up (what you scared of nigga, what you goin' for the trunk man, what!)
Get 'em up, come on (throw ya hands up)
Leave the guns and the knives at home
(sucka ass)
Don't be a punk ass nigga when the time is on (I knew he was a punk)
(Throw ya hands up) throw ya hands up
Just throw ya hands up
(that nigga [?] little trick to listen up)
Get 'em up

[Verse 3: 2Pac]
Last year motherfuckers tried to bury me deep
I had a beef in every city, screamin' fuck the police
Couldn't sleep, I'm havin' thoughts about the baddest bitches
Picture me mobbin' in a rag with switches, punk snitch
I let a trick be a trick when he slippin', leave 'em sleepin'
In the middle of the streets while I'm pimpin'
You can throw a sign but I'm blind to that punk shit
Runnin' with some real motherfuckers and we run shit
Fuck the dumb shit, I ain't stoppin' it's a high speed
Rollin' on the 405 puffin' thai weed
I'm shiftin' gears, then I disappear
Listen here, If they take me alive I'm doin' years
But still no fear cause I don't think they can catch me
This 350 will put the bitches right in back of me
They won't jack me and just when I thought I passed
I fucked around and went low on gas
All I heard was "Throw Yo Hands Up"

[Hook: 2Pac, Killa, Moe ZMD & Ronnie Love]
Leave ya guns and ya knives at home (damn)
Don't be a punk ass nigga when the time is on (shift too, shit)
Throw ya hands up
Throw ya hands up , get 'em up, come on (throw ya hands)
Leave ya guns and ya knives at home
(hey don't shoot nigga, I got my hands up, don't shoot)
Don't be a punk ass nigga when the time is on
Throw ya hands up
Throw ya hands up
(don't shoot, my hands up, I'm comin' out the car now)
Get 'em up
Throw ya hands up

[Outro: 2Pac]
All y'all niggas out there thinkin' y'all really like you know
Tearin' shit up
But ya really ain't bro
You only sendin' the police to the blocks faster
Soon them niggas gone be comin' wit' army tanks and shit
Just mowin' niggas down
Plus half you mothafuckas can't shoot no one
Put the mothafuckin' guns down
Nigga lets take it from the shoulders
If you a real mothafuckin' soldier

[Hook: Killa, Moe ZMD & Ronnie Love]
Leave the guns and the knives at home
Don't be a punk ass nigga when the time is on
Throw ya hands
(just throw ya hands up, get 'em up, come on)
Leave the guns and the knives at home
Don't be a punk ass nigga when the time is on
Throw ya hands
(just throw ya hands up, get 'em up) throw ya hands up
Leave the guns and the knives at home
Don't be a punk ass nigga when the time is on
Throw ya hands
(just throw ya hands up, get 'em up, come on)
Leave the guns and the knives at home
Don't be a punk ass nigga when the time is on
Throw ya hands
(just throw ya hands up, get 'em up)

Oh, we don't need no gat
We don't have to go out like that
Just throw ya mothafuckin' hands in the air
We don't need no gat
We don't have to go out like that
Just throw ya mothafuckin' hands in the air
Come on!!
Throw ya hands in the air
Wave 'em like you just don't care
Oooooh yea..
And ain't no thang about to pump
Just throw ya hands in the air[Intro]
Hahaha, right, thug for life, nigga
Can't you read the signs?

[Verse 1]
Mobbin' like a motherfucker, stuck
Can you picture a middle finger out the window, gettin' fucked
Off liquor; get loaded, can't control it
Nigga, pass me the blunt and let me roll it
You get the bozack to the ho-stack, that's for sho', black
So be a mack and keep your dough fat
And tell me, what does it take to be a G?
I started with a quarter ounce, soon bounced to a ki'
You gotta watch your back, stay strapped, be alert
Started as a young motherfucker doin' dirt
And now I'm in the rap game, like the crack game, I got enemies
Can't pretend to see my friends are not my enemies
And even thug motherfuckers wanna have fun
Stuck in, buckin' my motherfuckin' Magnum
What does it take to be a G?
Silence is a must, violence is a plus
Bust shots at my adversaries, them niggas scurry
Pick a spot to be buried, ‘cause I'll be buckin' in a fuckin' hurry

[Hook]
Thug for life, high 'til I die
When them stupid-ass bitches ask why, tell 'em
Shootin' crooked ass cops, let me fry
Do or die, to my brothers in the penitentiary
Raise hell, when them niggas mention me

Thug for life, high 'til I die
When them stupid-ass bitches ask why, tell 'em
Thug for life, high 'til I die
When them stupid-ass bitches ask why, tell 'em
Thug for life, high 'til I die
When them stupid-ass bitches ask why, tell 'em

[Verse 2]
Game thicker than most of these tricks
I got my mind on makin' money
But you stuck on these fake bitches
And jealous motherfuckers can't see
That's it's the fame that causes
These stupid bitches to pass the pussy free
So tell me, why you sweat a motherfucker like me?
A young nigga tryin' to hustle up some G's
You pussy-ass playa hatin' hoes
Freakin' down on niggas, jumpin' around at the shows
And you the first motherfucker to jump
To the trunk when it's time for funk, little trick-ass punk
Thug motherfuckers don't die
We get high and we multiply, motherfucker
Give a holla to my niggas in the Bay
I'm livin' in L.A., still clutchin' on my AK

[Hook]
Thug for life, high 'til I die
When them stupid-ass bitches ask why, tell 'em
Shootin' crooked ass cops, let me fry
Do or die, to my brothers in the penitentiary
Raise hell, when them niggas mention me

Thug for life, high 'til I die
When them stupid-ass bitches ask why, tell 'em
Thug for life, high 'til I die
When them stupid-ass bitches ask why, tell 'em
Thug for life, high 'til I die
When them stupid-ass bitches ask why, tell 'em

[Outro]
Thug for life, beyatch!
Yeah, nigga, Thug Life
From now until for motherfuckin' forever
Have-nots in this, motherfucker[Intro: Lamar Antwon Robinson]
Love within a storm
Love within a storm
Love within a storm
Love within a storm

[Verse 1: Lamar Antwon Robinson]
First it was nothing, not even, a fake echo of a song
Loneliness was a daily for me, until you came along
There was a gleam of a star in your eyes
Thought I'd never feel this way again
And you were supposed to reach my heart
And find love within, love, love

[Refrain: Lamar Antwon Robinson]
Love within a storm
This sweet, wonderful ghetto love
Love within a storm
This sweet, wonderful love that you give me
Love within a storm
Wonderful
Love within a storm

[Verse 2: Lamar Antwon Robinson]
I could not ignore the magnetism, when I felt you near
Any problems plaguing my mind, would suddenly dissapear
It was rebirth of my heart, the day that you became my friend
Because I knew for the moment I held you, that I would fall in love again
Fall in love again, in a storm

[Interlude: Lamar Antwon Robinson]
Love within a storm
Love within a storm
Love within a storm
Love within a storm

[Verse 3: Tina Thomas Bayyan]
Just when I thought I'd seen it all
Our paths crossed, amen
And I knew, from the first glance
That you, would be hard to forget
Your eyes, attracted me first
But you reeked of sultry confidence
I couldn't wait, to touch lips
And kiss, with my heart's intention
When we did it, was what I expected
And for that moment, we erased the tension
Of the awkwardness, of first date jitters
And the initial blind date, first impressions
We kissed again; and I felt the passion
And this, my love, was Cupid's blessing

[Lamar Antwon Robinson Talking]
We made love, within a storm
In the midst of passion and chaos
Somewhere, somehow, our true bond of friendship was lost
In the eye of the storm, the rain always falls harder
Those who prevail this drama
Will learn to bring their love farther
But now, the storm has past
And the seas of our friendship are gone
But as long as I live, I will remember
The love within a storm

[Verse 4: Lamar Antwon Robinson]
Sweet, passionate, love-lusting love
You know that I miss you, and love you
You know that 2Pac broke my heart
We need to hear ya, hear ya voice
They say, this ghetto fabulous
On 125th street forkin' around
This village, and the village uptown
South Central, Compton, Philly
Chi-Town, Southside
It's hot in 'Lanta, hot in 'Lanta
Jersey peeps, I hear ya
Miami, South Beach, uh
Yeah, got love for you, love for you
My Brooklyn knights lovin' you, lovin' me
This open, rich city
Ya know, I got love for you[Intro]
Thug life is the only thing up in 90s
Thug life I mean like a little bit then thug life like a lot
These is my thug life niggas and we finna do this like this
While I roll the blunt y'all keep talking you know what I'm sayin'
(Thug Life)
What else
(Thug life do craziest, Thug Life niggas do the craziest)
If they ask you, you tell 'em, these my niggas
That's how we ruling the shit run and smoke a blunt, punking punk and punking chumps that's how doing that shit
Fuckin' niggas up, fuckin' niggas real bad
Two times they quick in the night even drinking or smoking weed all the time
We high 'til I die you know what I'm sayin', we ain't stoppin'
Can't nobody fuck with us either[Intro]
One, two
To a nigga nature
Hehe

[Verse 1]
No need to cry now, go wipe your tears
Be a woman, why you actin' surprised?
You showed the bullshit; commin' fake hair
Fake nails, fake eyes too
So why you bound to fuck wit fake guys too
Ain't nothin' hard about it
Why you lookin' sad, should'a though about it
Say you learn, I truly doubt it
I guess you got a problem with affection, kinda loose with the love
Gettin' freaky with the thug niggas up in the club
Ask to buy you a drink, you holla "Dom Pérignon"
Knowin' I'm a cash dealer, still I, remain calm
Let you chill with me
Plus you was smilin' 'til the bill miss me
That's what you get for trynna dick me
Missed me with that "buy me this, buy me that"- syndrome shit
Bitch get a job if you wanna be rich
Gettin' mad 'cuz I cursed and I screamed I hate ya
Introduced you to a nigga nature, feel me

[Hook]
Why, why, tell 'em that it's my good nature
Why, why, when I do that way

[Verse 2]
Probably too nice at first
I lettin' you kiss where it hurts
Me and you gettin' busy, slangin' dick in the dirt
Met you at a pool party it was cool to kick it
See us, toungkissin', you was truly with it
Little Ecstasy, Hennessey, mix with me
Picture me pray for pussy when the dick's for free
Hey now, where my niggas at? Tell these hoes
Before I pay; I jerk off, word to Moses
Visions of you sittin' there sweaty and wet
Pointin' at the places that you want me to hit
Give me room all up in the room, call the cops
Nigga, hit them walls til the bastard drop
Label me: Makaveli - Thug Nigga with pipe
Livin' life as a Rock Star friday nights
Make money, get pussy
Always keep a pager, cell-phone in the ride
To complete my Nature now!

[Hook]
Why, why, tell 'em that it's my good nature
Why, why, when I do that way

[Verse 3]
Started as a seed from the semen
Straight outta Papa's nuts, lustin' for creamin'
Bitches wit big butts, curves make a nigga cry, tits and shit
When I'm locked down beggin' you for porno fleeks
Sneak weed in, helped a nigga passed the time
With my name tattoo'd so that ass is mine
Tell everybody; 'Pac put it down for good
A local legend through the whole hood
Follow me, I got a gun on me
Goin' for nun on the run baby
You know a nigga need some, is my son crazy?
Why I cry, when I be thuggin' til I die
Picture of nigga in heaven high, of weed I fly
Got me missin' dead homies with the phonies that died
Hit the weed and hope it get me high
Dear God, understand my ways, livin' major
Blessed with a thug's heart
In a realla nigga nature!

[Hook]
Why, why, tell 'em that it's my good nature
Why, why, when I do that way
Why, why, tell 'em that it's my good nature
Why, why, when I do that way

(Just be a nigga nation)
(It ain't my fault, that's a nigga nature)
(A nigga nature)[Intro: Capital LS & 2Pac]
Yo E, somebody come in this motherfucker with me man
I'm with you nigga, you don't need nobody, I'm with you nigga
Come on nigga what's up?
LS and 'Pac, Greg Nice
You're looking at me through the window
Asu, set it off with you nigga
Come up in here with me y'all
(Set it off nigga, for the niggas in New York, set it off)
Yo' ha ha ha ha ha yo' yo'
(LS in this biaatch!)
We in the motherfuckin'... west coast right now
(Westside)
Word to mother, my nigga Kurupt
(Eastside, ride)
K- Kurupt, word, I got my nigga Greg Nice
(Right there nigga, right there)
Baby Jesus and the Allstars
(babbbby babbby )
Tha Outlawz, takin' off their draws, niggas
Yo' we 'bout to... check it out

[Verse 1: Capital LS]
What does it take to shake and bake nowadays?
Niggas in crime, get made cause it pays
Bodies get sprayed with motherfuckin' ultra-rays
When shit gets too smooth I get's, rude with the lipper
Any kind of liquor's company like Jack Tripper
There's been times when I flip like acrobats
Fuckin' coast to coast, chickenheads to hoodrats
Tools to Gats, Lowriders to Ac's
Two years ago my shit was underrated (was underrated)
I wish you rap niggas frustrated
The rhyme stated updated; as I migrated
I'm direct from Strong Island, New York
Where I be smilin', profilin', wildin'
With my niggas in the Acura Coupe
In the Ja's and bitches like the Ginseng group (Ginseng baby)
Playin' that "One Love" loop Ha ha ha (loop)
The sun shines through my sunroof (sunroof)
Some days I can amaze the youth with proof that
The force of my rhyme can cause a cardiac (cardiac)
Arrestin' motherfuckers that don't like investin'
So I eat them up like salad dressin' (salad dressin')
And it don't stop

[Ad-libs: 2Pac]
Ha ha ha, yeah nigga, that's how we do that shit
LS in this bitch, nigga that's how we do that shit
Live live on the westside, eastside right, niggas can't understand it, no doubt, no doubt
My scandalous family, insanity
It ain't no playin' nigga we're takin' over the whole industry
You bitch made niggas can't believe that shit
LS and niggas so crazy
You only have to pay, to pull up on that bitch
You've been clowned, to make it to that ground
These niggas snatchin' your business kid

[Verse 2: Asu]
They fucked around and let the 3rd bred about the stable (Whats up?)
Me and my Cali niggas is jumpin' fools without the cables (Without the AK)
Everything I got is double 2's 4's and barrels
Once that ass slipped we gots to burn it like Carrol
Somehow someway real niggas know real niggas yeah yo why is that?
When you roll Asu, you end up with them tires flat
The names Asu, it starts with A and ends with you
Whatever you want to do, I got my whole fuckin' crew
Up over the mountain there's fountain of phrases
I'm countin' pages, ages is givin' up wages to heal the rages
I don't riff, I stay cool let the sanity build
All I need is a starter and the horror that's worse than Amityville
No disrespect, all we want is bacon G
Pack them bags; they have them hotel got vacancy

[2Pac talk]
That's right nigga set that shit 'til they motherfuckin' chincheckin' we wreck it, Look here

[Verse 3: 2Pac]
My niggas crooked, though it seems
My every single, thought is caught up, in collectin' cream
A made nigga, Picture me dyin' in the blaze, or gunfire
Will not retire 'til I'm paid, turn the bass up high
When we ride, we fly by, bitches blow me kisses
Niggas from Compton to Brooklyn come on get your riches
From Crenshaw to 1-2-5 and do or die
Rollin' with niggas from Long Beach, to Long I
I hardly smile, cause my heart froze
Once I, commence my show, I rip apart foes
Now I, got one nation its a crooked compilation
Just to end the bullshit let's get back to money makin'
Tell 'em bustas that I rolled on, controllin' our house
My shit's so wicked when I flip, niggas  closin' they mouth
Them Cocoa brovaz, Buckshot the BDI thug
Greg Nice, LS, Asu, so show a nigga love
Outlaw!

[Outro: 2Pac]
You feel that shit nigga!
You know what time it is, ha ha ha ha, yeah!
Hit them niggas with the shit that made Nice & Smooth nice nigga
Greg Nice feel me nigga?
I know u fucked a lot of drug dealers
But she never got fucked by a thug nigga
Come on! I know she fucked a lot of drug dealers
But she never got fucked by a thug nigga
Come on! I know you fuck a lot of drug dealers
But you never got fucked by a thug nigga, baby never
Come on! I know you're fuckin' with some drug dealers
But you never got fucked by a thug nigga
Ha ha ha ha, yeah yeah!, all like that nigga
Ha ha ha ha, hell motherfuckin' yeah, Thug Life baby
It don't stop, this song is twisted and crazy
Yeah nigga, that nigga 2Pac
From this block to your block, you can tell the kids nod
One Nation, fuck around and get shot, you know, One Nation
East side, West Side, ha ha ha ha, yeah
All my niggas on the East Side, throw up your guns
All my niggas on the West Side, throw up your guns
All my niggas from the East Side, throw up your guns
All my niggas from the West Side, throw your guns up
Niggas from the East Side, throw up your guns
All my niggas from the West Side, throw your guns up
All my niggas from the East Side, throw up your guns
All my niggas from the West Side, throw your guns up
Niggas from the West Side, throw up your guns
All niggas from the East Side, throw up your guns
All my niggas from the West Side, throw up your guns
All my niggas from the East Side, throw your guns up
Ha ha ha, yeah nigga, Outlawz yeah, Thug Life
Ha ha ha ha ha, yeah, energy makes plenty of enemies, you feel me?
Throw your guns up!![Intro: 2Pac]
Put me in that; ay come on JoJo ('Pac.. hahaha)
Yeah that type of shit (maybe it's the thug in me)
You know what time it is (maybe it's the thug in me)

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
By age thirteen I was buckwild, good at my knuckle game
Made it through a tough childhood never be the same
Walked in my daddy's shoes
No time to be a peaceful man had to shatter fools
That's 'til I put my eyes on you
God damn, sweetheart you got some thighs on you
Now I can't wait to get you home, get you all alone
In my bedroom, baby can we bone, and get it on
Tell me lady how you like me
And if you want it harder baby, come and bite me
But do it lightly
Cause that excites me to lay the pipe
And if you lick me right, I'll do it all night
Only got fucked by a drug dealer
Never felt the real passion of a thug nigga (haha)
Though I like the way you scream when you lovin' me
I'm goin' deep, it's the thug in me
So whatchu sayin' girl?

[Hook: K-Ci & JoJo (2Pac)]
A thug nigga like me, I need a thug lady like you, give it to me
I got a lot of thug in me, lot of thug (Maybe it's the thug in me)
That I wanna put in you (maybe it's the thug in you)
A thug nigga like me, I need a thug lady like you.. can you check it
I got a lot of thug in me.. do you want it (Maybe it's the thug in me)
That I wanna give to you girl (Maybe it's the thug in you)

[Verse 2: 2Pac]
Moan baby when we bone it's on
It's so strong niggas in the next room'll cum
I got ya head swingin'
Tongue kissin', as I hit it from the back with the bed ringin' (haha)
Give me space, as I lick ya face, stick the place
Synchronize so I drive when they kick the bass
Love fuckin' in tha mo'nin'
I get ya wet and bust a sweat, then I'm gone
Left you on yo' own girl
Tell me what you feel like
Blindfolded, I'm cold do it real nice - that's if it feel right
Maybe it's the thug in me
I pull ya hair while we fuckin' in the chair, when ya lovin' me
Up against the wall, you can have it all; just try
Bet my kiss, to get you high, don't pass by
Grab me by my nuts when I'm lovin' you
Now open up and let me put the thug in you

[Hook: K-Ci & JoJo (2Pac)]
A thug nigga like me, I need a thug lady like you, give it to me
I got a lot of thug in me (Maybe it's the thug in me).. lot of thug
That I wanna put in you
A thug nigga like me, I need a thug lady like you, can you check it
I got a lot of thug in me, do you want it
That I wanna give to you girl (Maybe it's the thug in you)

[Verse 3: 2Pac]
Say baby what's your phone number?
Be warned, I'm like a storm with my own thunder
I make the room rumble, in and out long stroke
Hold ya breath now, close your eyes deep throat
Did you like it?.. Oooh I'm excited!
Cause it's a party in my bedroom, you're invited
C'mon now, let me see ya shake your rump
Tell me, how long will it take to cum
Havin' fun, do it one on one and we can all get involved
First y'all do me, then I'll fuck y'all
When you call me the next day
To get sexed by a nigga in the best way
Yeah baby it's a price to pay
Only play in the fast lane
When you a hustler, motherfuck a cash came
I gotcha goin' wild, 'cause I'm lovin' you
Drugged out with this motherfuckin' thug in you

[Hook: K-Ci & JoJo (2Pac)]
A thug nigga like me, I need a thug lady like you
I got a lot of thug in me
That I wanna put in you and you
A thug nigga like me, I need a thug lady like you
I got a lot of thug in me (Maybe it's the thug in me)
That I wanna give to you girl (Maybe it's the thug in you)
A thug nigga like me, I need a thug lady like you
I got a lot of thug in me
That I wanna put in you and you (Maybe it's the thug in me)
A thug nigga like me, I need a thug lady like you
I got a lot of thug in me (Maybe it's the thug in me)
That I wanna give to you girl

[Sound of girl fucking]
Oh yeah!.. like me!..yeah.. look at me baby..yeah..yeah
Like me! .. you do..

[singing]
I hold a lot of thug in me, you hold a lot of thug in ya
I hold a lot of thug in me
I hold a lot of thug in me, I hold a lot of thug in ya
I hold a lot of thug in me
Now c'mon, I hold a lot of thug in me
Hold a lot of thug in you, hold a lot of thug in me
C'mon, hold a lot of thug in me
Gotta be some thug in ya, gotta be some thug in me
C'mon, hold a lot of thug in me
I gotta be some thug in ya
Can you feel it?
I hold a lot of thug in me, I gotta be some thug in ya
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah

[Collision: 2Pac]
I don't wanna talk, I don't want no explanations
I don't got no motherfuckin' explanations, y'knahmsayin?
It's the thug in me
Don't be askin' why I'm pullin' your hair
And why I fuck so motherfuckin' thuggish
That thug passion, y'knahmean?
Bitch, no mercy
What you scared of?
Didn't you come over here to get fucked? (no)
You ain't come over here for me to be
Strokin', and all that bullshit
You came over here to get fucked (no)
Shit, if I ain't fuck you thug style
Bitch you'd leave my house talkin' bout, "2Pac can't serve me"
Won't have me crossed up in that bullshit, hahaha
Turn over! maybe it's the thug in me! ..[Intro: 2Pac]
Alright, new drink: one part Alizé, one part Cristal
Thug's passion, baby, y'all know what time it is
This drink is guaranteed to get the pussy wet and the dick hard
Now, if you with me, pour a glass and drink with a nigga
You know what I mean?
I ain't tryin' to turn you all niggas into alcohols... alcoholics
I'm just tryin' to turn you into motherfuckin' thugs
So come and get some of this thug passion, baby

[Verse 1: Kastro]
Man, I could pull out the drink and be good until it's relevant
But I'm a straight soldier that I'll roll up a nigga like it's heaven sent
Trippin' over dead presidents, they got these derelicts
I throw was down with this business, tryin' to clown and get a cent
And so rather than stand forever, been thinkin'
Drinkin' over a felony and hell of me and how it will be in hella shit
People tellin' me to cool out, but they ain't feelin' me
A motherfuckin' fool 'bout my fuckin' cheddar cheese
And it pleases, passion of mine, thuggin'
Huggin' plenty of G's and laughin' while passin' through times
And all these bastards that be watchin', just keep it plain
I'ma keep it the same partner, just take it the simple game
I can, pinkle with rain twinklin', diamonds and things go blinkin'
Enough to hold me 'til I'm old and wrinklin'
These adversaries, they gon' have to be worryin'
'Cause I'ma be illin', fulfillin' my passion
'Til I'm buryin' my thug passion

[Chorus: Jewell]
I heard it's the bomb
And you got it goin' on
Give me some of your thug passion, baby
You got me drippin' wet
From the way you make me sweat
Give me some of your thug passion, baby, ohh

[Verse 2: Napoleon]
Now what if me turn this Hennessy into a robbery?
The prophecy probably suddenly switch how it supposed to be
And dirty money can't be evil 'cause it's fillin' up my tummy
Born in a position, death collision was futuristic
Twistin' riches, but there's only one way to make more
So I'm standin' on the corner tryin' to hustle in the snow
And my bigger bro, couldn't know
But buy a .44, blastin' at playa haters wantin' more
With a thug passion

[Verse 3: E.D.I. Mean]
Puttin' down, mashin', control by this thug's passion
Unlike them other bustas pistol blastin', I'm askin' what happened
To the niggas who kept it real like they claim to?
That's what money and fame do, see, they ain't true
Travelin' this road, my poor soul has been consolidated
With all this bullshit that I done tolerated
How I made it can be easily stated
It's like my hardest bring the grip with the passion
Left me to fuckin' greatest, load up and take shit

[Break: Yaki Kadafi]
Make it to some high dollar gangsta shit
Jack a stack 'til we got enough bank to split

[Verse 4: Storm & Jewell]
Creep with me, through that immortal flow (That's right)
Thug passion got you tremblin' like Death on the Row (Yeah)
Make your move, so I can throw your mind a curve
While I'll be blowin' up the scene, like my nigga Mr. Herb
Take a toke, as your heart goes full arrest
I got the bomb, so nigga, fuck the rest
You need a dub to get you flowin' and let that loc see smoke
Feelin' the strokes of the 9 squeeze tight and slow

[Chorus: Jewell]
I heard it's the bomb
And you got it goin' on
Give me some of your thug passion, baby
You got me drippin' wet
From the way you make me sweat
Give me some of your thug passion, baby, ohh

[Verse 5: 2Pac]
They say money don't make the man, but damn, I'm makin' money
Observin' you motherfuckers 'cause some of you bitches funny
Say you want it, but you bullshittin'
Lickin' them lips, you got me 'bout to act a fool quick
Sippin' on some Alizé and Cristal
Meanwhile, buy me a drink and get to winkin' at me
She smiles; a nigga's full of passion, satisfaction is everlastin'
"How does it feel?" What I'm askin' while I'm rubbin' on that ass
"Why you laughin'?"See, I'm diggin' as if I'm curious
Full blown and furious, baby, get a grip, when I be doin' this
It's so physical, my attraction
Driven by alcohol, beware of my reaction
Baby, I'm born to ball, thugged out on Death Row
You better recognize and picture what I said so
Now you can feel it, it's a potion for my niggas in motion
Forever blastin', bitches ain't ready for this thug passion

[Chorus: Jewell & DJ Quik]
I heard it's the bomb
And you got it goin' on
Give me some of your thug passion, baby
Thug passion
You got me drippin' wet
From the way you make me sweat
Give me some of your thug passion, baby, ohh
Thug passion
I heard it's the bomb
And you got it goin' on
Give me some of your thug passion, baby
Thug passion
You got me drippin' wet
From the way you make me sweat
Give me some of your thug passion, baby, ohh
Thug passion
I heard it's the bomb
And you got it goin' on
Give me some of your thug passion, baby
You got me drippin' wet
From the way you make me sweat
Give me some of your thug passion, baby, ohh
I heard it's the bomb
And you got it goin' on
Give me some of your thug passion, baby
You got me drippin' wet
From the way you make me sweat
Give me some of your thug passion, baby, ohh[Intro: 2Pac]
Hahahaha, man, you crazy

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
See, it ain't easy bein' me
Life as a celebrity is less than heavenly
I got these fakes and these backstabbers chasing me around
And it's always drama, whenever I wanna get around
Momma told me, long before I ever came up
Gotta be true to what you do and keep the game up
‘Cause things change, and jealousy becomes a factor
Best friends at your wife's house, tryin' to mack her
I'm on tour, but still they keep on knockin' at my door
And I got no time to worry, I'm steady wanting more
Every day is a test, yes, I try hard
But I'm strugglin' with every breath, I pray to God
That the woman that I left at home, all alone
There ain't nothing like tryin' to bone, over the phone
In my mind I can see her naked, I can't take it
Got me shaking at the thought that we can make it
I thought you knew

[Chorus: Nate Dogg]
I'm rollin' out on tour today
You getting sad, ‘cause I'm going away
The chickenheads wanna play with me
You getting mad, ‘cause you think I'ma sway
Some of 'em cute, some of 'em fine as fuck
I hear 'em scream soon as I hit the stage, nah...
Still I be getting lonely for you
I'm coming home soon as I make this pay, make this pay

[Verse 2: 2Pac]
I call you up long distance, on the telephone
Wanna tuck you in even though I can't make it home
I whisper things in your ear like you're near me
Wonder if you feel me from far away, and can you hear me?
It seems to me, that you're jealous
‘Cause I'm hustling and making money with the fellas
In the backstreets, tryin' to track me, baby, hold up!
Thugs get lonely too, but I'm a soldier
And there's no way I'ma stop making money
‘Cause your attitude's changed and you're acting a little funny
Always complaining, saying we don't spend time
Can't you see I got enough stress on my mind?
And hanging up like you all that
Then get mad when I tell you that I'm busy, baby, call back
Please, ain't nothing left to say to you
Thugs get lonely too, you know

[Chorus: Nate Dogg]
I'm rollin' out on tour today
You getting sad, ‘cause I'm going away
The chickenheads wanna play with me
You getting mad, ‘cause you think I'ma sway
Some of 'em cute, some of 'em fine as fuck
I hear 'em scream soon as I hit the stage, nah...
Still I be getting lonely for you
I'm coming home soon as I make this pay, make this pay

[Verse 3: 2Pac]
I sit alone in my room, drinking without a care
Talking out loud to you, like you're there
Take your picture out my back pocket, man, it's on
You're the first face I wanna see when I get home
Wanna love you 'til the sun rise, buckwild
Touching every wall in the house, thug style
Put your hands on the headboard, think of me
Drippin' sweat on top of you, sink and see
This in your head that I'm making love, so turn the lights down
Reminisce and relax ‘cause, baby, right now
I feel it in the middle of my stomach
You whisper in my ear and baby, tell me how you really want it
Hold on tightly, watch the ceiling
Scratch my back's how you react, let me know you feel me
‘Cause everything I'm giving to you, is so true
And thugs get lonely too, you know

[Chorus: Nate Dogg]
I'm rollin' out on tour today
You getting sad, ‘cause I'm going away
The chickenheads wanna play with me
You getting mad, ‘cause you think I'ma sway
Some of 'em cute, some of 'em fine as fuck
I hear 'em scream soon as I hit the stage, nah...
Still I be getting lonely for you
I'm coming home soon as I make this pay, make this pay

[Outro: 2Pac]
Yeah, thug life, baby! Steady thuggin'
Aye, so you remember that
Next time you sweating me when I'm on the road, baby
Thugs get lonely too
We ain't gotta go through all this bullshitting ass problems
If you wanna be real with me, be real with me
If you wanna be fake, move on to the next one, that ain't me[Intro]
Fuck 2Pac that nigga ain't shit
That nigga ain't from muhfuckin' New York
That nigga be out there with them Cali niggas
Yo nigga man fuck 'Pac that nigga West Coast
That fucker that always with them New York niggas
Seen them with that nigga man that nigga ain't from the West Coast
Man fuck 'Pac fuck that nigga that nigga ain't really down
Rapin' ass nigga I didn't do it fuck it with that nigga
Fuck that nigga man fuck that nigga let that nigga go to jail right
And fuck that nigga fuck that nigga fuck you too nigga

[Collision]
I'm in this, motherfucker
I guess these muthafuckas tryin' to take me out the business right
I guess I ain't East Coast enough for my niggas back in New York
And I ain't West Coast for these niggas on the West huh?
Fuck e'rybody

*laughing*
Thug style out this, motherfucker, niggas, throw ya hands in the air
If you got jeep make ya speakers pop
I want motherfuckin' police tryin' to pull niggas over on this one
We takin' this one to the whole 'nother level gutter style thug style
You feel me, things that we can only do as a real G
We ain't dead yet

[Verse 1]
Hit me, I got my Hennessy find ya foes
In a room full of niggas tryin' to hide ya hoes
I'm gettin' high off buddha 'cause the times be slow
I keep my mind on dough you never find me broke
And who me? A nigga livin' life like a G
And that artillery keepin' niggas off of me
I can't sleep livin' in these wicked times, peep
Niggas after me 'cause they see I'm stackin' G's and heat
You can holler if you want to, please!!
I ain't runnin' with no punk crew be, bleed!!
Enemies and my range is on, you're in the danger zone
My fuckin' game is strong, now hotline
You suckas better find ya mind I got mine
From hustlin' and bustin' them rhymes
To my niggas up in Quentin, down on Rikers Isle
Stay rile, but a nigga gotta use his styles

[Chorus]
These, niggas don't know my style
Crooked smile, juvenile, was a problem child
Try to put me in the cross, but my force was wild
Bitch-made ass niggas don't know my style
These, niggas don't know my style
Crooked smile, juvenile, was a problem child
Try to put me in the cross, but my force was wild
Bitch-made ass niggas don't know my style

[Verse 2]
I could be wrong but I never got along with cops
It's like they stuck from makin' niggas duck from Glocks
And all the time, my mind's full of thoughts of ends
I'm still rollin' my bucket but I bought me a Benz (tadow)
My fake friends say they love me but I know they lie
'Cause in the dark see they hearts full of homicide
My mama cried when they took me off to jail
Only me inside the cell, straight locked up in this hell
I hear some sucker screamin' like the demon's inside
Will 'em away in the mornin', only the strong survive
I cry, but in my own way swallow my pride
Pick a reason to hide from all the niggas that die
Cemetery full of brothers I buried it's goin' down
Even now I wonder will I still be around
My hometown is the gutter I was born a wild
I came up out this dust with my heartless style

[Chorus]
These, niggas don't know my style
Crooked smile, juvenile, was a problem child
Try to put me in the cross, but my force was wild
Bitch-made ass niggas don't know my style
These, niggas don't know my style
Crooked smile, juvenile, was a problem child
Try to put me in the cross, but my force was wild
Bitch-made ass niggas don't know my style

[Verse 3]
I remember Uptown, run catch a kiss
Listenin' to Mr. Magic cuttin' up the hits
And even though I had a habit
Makin' words rhyme I was caught up in the madness
Juvenile thugs come on
I tell the whole story nothin' but truth
Halloween throwin' eggs from the project roofs
And Pete and Lee young G's with a gift of gab
Tryna hook up with the hookers who was quick to stab
Remember mama's cookin', no school straight hookin'
And tryin' to get with light skinned 'cause she good lookin'
And jumpin' over turnstiles 'cause we ain't payin'
Call the cuties cuss words but we only playin'
I'm prayin' I can get a buck no luck
I had to move around a lot 'cause my moms was stuck
I had family but I was way too wild
Had to move to the West to regain my style

[Chorus]
These, niggas don't know my style
Crooked smile, juvenile, was a problem child
Try to put me in the cross, but my force was wild
Bitch-made ass niggas don't know my style (scream)
Niggas don't know my style
Crooked smile, juvenile, was a problem child
Try to put me in the cross, but my force was wild
Bitch-made ass niggas don't know my style (my nigga scream)
Niggas don't know my style
Crooked smile, juvenile, was a problem child
Try to put me in the cross, but my force was wild
Bitch-made ass niggas don't know my style (scream)
Niggas don't know my style
Crooked smile, juvenile, was a problem child
Try to put me in the cross, but my force was wild
Bitch-made ass niggas don't know my style (scream)
Niggas don't know my style
Crooked smile, juvenile, was a problem child
Try to put me in the cross, but my force was wild
Bitch-made ass niggas don't know my style
These, niggas don't know my style
Crooked smile, juvenile, was a problem child
Try to put me in the mothafuckin' cross, but my force was wild
Mothafuckin' bitches

[Collision]
Swear y'all know a nigga
You ever heard a motherfucka say:
"All in the Kool-Aid, don't know the flavor"? Haha
You mothafuckas all in my mothafuckin' LB and don't know the beat, haha
This shit thuggish, for life, I told y'all, it's album three, see
G sound, freestyle
Motherfuckin' Young Thugs in this motherfucker, that's right[2Pac talking]
Take a ride to my block (my block)..
That's right.. Rest in peace to all the motherfuckers that past away
Makaveli in this.. Thats how you do that shit..

[Verse 1]
They got a nigga
Shedding tears, reminiscing on my past fears
Cause shit was hectic for me last year
It appears that I've been marked for death, my heartless breath
The underlying cause of my arrest, my life is stressed
And no rest forever weary, my eyes stay teary
For all the brothers that are buried in the cemetery
Shit is scary, how black on black crime legendary
But at times unnecessary, I'm getting worried
Teardrops and closed caskets, the three strikes law is drastic
And certain death for us ghetto bastards
What can we do when we're arrested, but open fire
Life in the pen ain't for me, cause I'd rather die
But don't cry through your despair
I wonder if the Lord still cares, for us niggas on welfare
And who cares if we survive
The only time they notice a nigga is when he's clutching on a 4.5

[Chorus x2]
They tell us that we hopeless and hell bound
This for the brothers in penetentiaries jailed down
Homies in every city definition of power
Its a thugs wrath. Can you feel me now?

[Verse 2]
Now shit's constantly hot, on my block, it never fails to be gunshots
Can't explain a mother's pain, when her son drops
Black males living Hell when will we prevail
Fearing jail but crack sales got me living well
And the system's suicidal with this Thug's Life
Staying strapped forever trapped in this drug life
God help me, cause I'm starving, can't get a job
So I resort to violent robberies, my life is hard
Can't sleep cause all the dirt make my heart hurt
Put in work and shed tears for my dead peers
Mislead from childhood where I went astray
Till this day I still pray for a better way
Can't help but feel hopeless and heartbroke
From the start I felt the racism cause I'm dark
Couldn't quit the bullshit make me represent
Hit the bar and played the star, everywhere I went

[Chorus x2]
They tell us that we hopeless and hell bound
This fo the brothers in penetentiaries jailed down
Homies in every city definition of power
Its a thugs wrath. Can you feel me now?

[Verse 3]
And I can't help but wonder why, so many young kids had to die
Caught strays from AK's and the driveby
Swollen pride and homicide, don't coincide
Brothers cry for broken lives, mama come inside
Cause our block is filled with danger
Used to be a close knit community but now we're all cold strangers
Time changes us to stone them crack pipes
All up and down the block exterminating black life
But I can't blame the dealers
My mama's welfare check has brought the next man chrome wheels
Shit's real, I know ya feel, my tragedy
A single mother with a problem child, daddy free
Hanging out picking up game, sipping cheap liquor
Gamin the hoochies hoping I can get to sleep with her
It's a man's world, staying strapped
Fantasies of a nigga living phat, but held back

[Chorus x2]
They tell us that we hopeless and hell bound
This fo the brothers in penetentiaries jailed down
Homies in every city definition of power
Its a thugs wrath. Can you feel me now?[Intro: 2Pac]
Shit, tired of gettin' shot at
Tired of gettin' chased by the police and arrested
Niggas need a spot where we can kick it
A spot where we belong, that's just for us
Niggas ain't gotta get all dressed up and be Hollywood
Y'knahmean? Where do niggas go when we die?
Ain't no heaven for a thug nigga
That's why we go to thug mansion
That's the only place where thugs get in free
And you gotta be a G, at thug mansion

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
A place to spend my quiet nights, time to unwind
So much pressure in this life of mine, I cry at times
I once contemplated suicide, and woulda tried
But when I held that 9, all I could see was my mama's eyes
No one knows my struggle, they only see the trouble
Not knowin' it's hard to carry on when no one loves you
Picture me inside the misery of poverty
No man alive has ever witnessed struggles I survived
Prayin' hard for better days, promise to hold on
Me and my dawgs ain't have a choice but to roll on
We found a finally spot to kick it
Where we can drink liquor and no one bickers over trick shit
A spot where we can smoke in peace, and even though we G's
We still visualize places that we can roll in peace
And in my mind's eye, I see this place the players go and pass it
I got a spot for us all, so we can ball, at thug's mansion

[Hook: Anthony Hamilton]
Ain't no place I'd rather be
Chillin' with homies and family
Sky high, iced out, paradise in the sky
Ain't no place I'd rather be
Only place that's right for me
Chromed-out, mansion in paradise, in the sky

[Verse 2: 2Pac]
Will I survive all the fights and the darkness?
Trouble sparks, they tell me: "Home is where the heart is."
Dear departed, I shed tattooed tears
And couldn't sleep good for multiple years
Witness peers catch gunshots; nobody cares
Seen the politicians ban us, they'd rather see us locked in chains
Please explain why they can't stand us
Is there a way for me to change?
Or am I just a victim of things I did to maintain?
I need a place to rest my head
With the little bit of homeboys that remains
‘Cause all the rest dead; is there a spot for us to grow?
If you find it, I'll be right behind ya, show me and I'll go
How can I be peaceful? I'm comin' from the bottom
Watch my daddy scream "Peace!" while the other man shot him
I need a house that's full of love, when I need to escape
The deadly places slingin' drugs, in thug's mansion

[Hook: Anthony Hamilton]
Ain't no place I'd rather be
Chillin' with homies and family
Sky high, iced out, paradise in the sky
Ain't no place I'd rather be
Only place that's right for me
Chromed-out, mansion in paradise, in the sky

[Verse 3: 2Pac]
Dear Mama, don't cry, your baby boy's doin' good
Tell the homies I'm in Heaven and they ain't got hoods
Seen a show with Marvin Gaye last night, it had me shook
Drinkin' peppermint Schnapps, with Jackie Wilson and Sam Cooke
Then some lady named Billie Holiday sang
Sittin' there kickin' it with Malcolm 'til the day came
Little Latasha sho' grown
Tell the lady in the liquor store that she's forgiven, so come home
Maybe in time you'll understand
Only God can save us, when Miles Davis cuttin' lose with the band
Just think of all the people that you knew in the past
That passed on, they in Heaven, found peace at last
Picture a place that they exist, together
There has to be a place better than this, in Heaven
So right before I sleep, dear God, what I'm askin'
Remember this face, save me a place in thug's mansion

[Hook: Anthony Hamilton & (2Pac)]
Ain't no place I'd rather be
Chillin' with homies and family
Sky high, iced out, paradise in the sky (in thugs mansion)
Ain't no place I'd rather be
Only place that's right for me
Chromed-out, mansion in paradise, in the sky (thugs mansion)
Ain't no place I'd rather be
Chillin' with homies and family
Sky high, iced out, paradise, in the sky (in thugs mansion)
Ain't no place I'd rather be
Only place that's right for me
Chromed-out, mansion in paradise, in the sky[Intro: 2Pac]
Shit, tired of gettin' shot at
Tired of gettin' chased by the police and arrested
Niggas need a spot where we can kick it
A spot where we belong, that's just for us
Niggas ain't gotta get all dressed up and be Hollywood
Y'knahmean? Where do niggas go when we die?
Ain't no heaven for a thug nigga
That's why we go to thug mansion
That's the only place where thugs get in free
And you gotta be a G, at thug mansion

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
A place to spend my quiet nights, time to unwind
So much pressure in this life of mine, I cry at times
I once contemplated suicide, and woulda tried
But when I held that 9, all I could see was my mama's eyes
No one knows my struggle, they only see the trouble
Not knowin' it's hard to carry on when no one loves you
Picture me inside the misery of poverty
No man alive has ever witnessed struggles I survived
Prayin' hard for better days, promise to hold on
Me and my dawgs ain't have a choice but to roll on
We found a finally spot to kick it
Where we can drink liquor and no one bickers over trick shit
A spot where we can smoke in peace, and even though we G's
We still visualize places that we can roll in peace
And in my mind's eye, I see this place the players go and pass it
I got a spot for us all, so we can ball, at thug's mansion

[Hook: J. Phoenix]
Every corner, every city
There's a place where life's a little easy
Little Hennessy, laid back and cool
Every hour, ‘cause it's all good
Leave all the stress from the world outside
Every wrong done will be alright
Nothing but peace, love
And street passion
Every ghetto needs a thug mansion

[Verse 2: 2Pac]
Will I survive all the fights and the darkness?
Trouble sparks, they tell me: "Home is where the heart is."
Dear departed, I shed tattooed tears
And couldn't sleep good for multiple years
Witness peers catch gunshots; nobody cares
Seen the politicians ban us, they'd rather see us locked in chains
Please explain why they can't stand us
Is there a way for me to change?
Or am I just a victim of things I did to maintain?
I need a place to rest my head
With the little bit of homeboys that remains
‘Cause all the rest dead; is there a spot for us to roll?
If you find it, I'll be right behind ya, show me and I'll go
How can I be peaceful? I'm comin' from the bottom
Watch my daddy scream "Peace!" while the other man shot him
I need a house that's full of love, when I need to escape
The deadly places slingin' drugs, in thug's mansion

[Hook: J. Phoenix]
Every corner, every city
There's a place where life's a little easy
Little Hennessy, laid back and cool
Every hour, ‘cause it's all good
Leave all the stress from the world outside
Every wrong done will be alright
Nothing but peace, love
And street passion
Every ghetto needs a thug mansion

[Verse 3: 2Pac]
Dear Mama, don't cry, your baby boy's doin' good
Tell the homies I'm in Heaven and they ain't got hoods
Seen a show with Marvin Gaye last night, it had me shook
Drinkin' peppermint Schnapps, with Jackie Wilson and Sam Cooke
Then some lady named Billie Holiday sang
Sittin' there kickin' it with Malcolm 'til the day came
Little Latasha sho' grown
Tell the lady in the liquor store that she's forgiven, so come home
Maybe in time you'll understand
Only God can save us, when Miles Davis cuttin' lose with the band
Just think of all the people that you knew in the past
That passed on, they in Heaven, found peace at last
Picture a place that they exist, together
There has to be a place better than this, in Heaven
So right before I sleep, dear God, what I'm askin'
Remember this face, save me a place in thug's mansion

[Hook: J. Phoenix (2Pac]
Every corner, every city
There's a place where life's a little easy (Thugz mansion)
Little Hennessy, laid back and cool
Every hour, ‘cause it's all good
Leave all the stress from the world outside
Every wrong done will be alright
Nothing but peace, love
And street passion
Every ghetto needs a thug mansion[Intro: 2Pac & Aunt Glo]
I'm so sick of muthafuckas askin' me
How our parents feel about us
Calling these hoes bitches
So Aunt Glo
Why don't you tell them how we do it
(In the late night)
I'm tired of these bitches calling my house
Asking for the Young Thugz
(In the late night)
Young Thugz ain't got time for no bitches
They trying to get rich
Stop calling
(In the late now)
(Come on Aunt Glo)
(That's word from my Auntie nigga)
Baby!

[Verse 1: Outlawz]

[E.D.I Mean]
Now it's been a long, day
I'm straight hustling to getting pay
But now it's evening, and I'm scheming of play
I got a call, from that Dogg nigga K

[Kastro]
And I was bored, so nigga I'll be on my way
Who got the hoes for Hollywood? I think he might
And I suppose, nigga we up in the night

[Kadafi]
That's right them [?] be staring
With Lil Moo in the cut and that nigga all in

[Napoeon]
So what the fucking drink had me tripping
But I'll be damned if I let another motherfucker catch me slipping
We've been in the car nigga

[Kadafi]
We in the drive way
Because the night is young and I'm ready to hit the highway
And now it's all for that
These night call's we strapped
You know how niggas be black

[E.D.I Mean]
Now we smoking weed that we need
So let's get the game right
And baked tight in the late night

[Hook: 2Pac]
Preoccupied with
Straight balling, can you hear the liquor calling
I'm sick of hoes nigga fuck 'em all
Everyday is a bit of play
Getting paid, thug nigga 'til I see my dying day
Preoccupied with
Straight balling, can you hear the liquor calling
I'm sick of hoes nigga fuck 'em all
Everyday is a bit of play
Getting paid, thug nigga 'til I see my dying day

[Verse 2: Outlawz]

[Kadafi]
Now it's 206 tell me
Who the fuck I'm having sex with?
Gaming these cousin's in the Lexus from Texas

[Kastro]
Expect to last past 6 'cause I'm restless
My head blasted off this Sess that I mess with

[E.D.I Mean]
The best, click is who we choose so we making moves
Ain't in no mood for no faking moves
So is it true?
I'm asking now
'Cause if not, you and your crew could be stashed and out

[Napoleon]
Without a doubt
These bitches know we do it right
Fuck it and they suck us
That's how we do it on the late night

[Verse 3: 2Pac]
Bitches don't even have a clue
I keep up with my scandalous crew
Boxes of blunts and brew, well can you handle this too?
Step up and let me put this pimping in your ear
The game is clear, this place is packed, let's disappear
Now we can hit the highway and go to my place
But be cautious
Once we arrive can I toss it?
No hesitation, this fornication and situation
Fucking these hoes up to the attic, back down to the basement
No replacement, I hit you with a piece then I flee
Back to the streets is how I do it, ain't no peace for a G
And my motto, a blunt some coochie and a cold bottle
I'm fucking them hoochies and the supermodels
The game is deep, I can't sleep 'cause there's cum on my sheets
Sampling bitches like a break beat, the liquor makes me
And when it's late I'm like a convict that just escaped
Hitting these hoochies 'til they break, in the late night

[Hook: 2Pac]
(In the late night)
Straight balling, can you hear the liquor calling?
I'm sick of hoes nigga fuck 'em all (In the late night)
Everyday is a bit of play, getting paid, thug nigga 'til I see my dying day (this is how we do it)
Preoccupied with
Straight balling, can you hear the liquor calling?
I'm sick of hoes nigga fuck 'em all
Everyday is a bit of play, getting paid, thug nigga 'til I see my dying day
Preoccupied with
Straight balling, can you hear the liquor calling?
I'm sick of hoes nigga fuck 'em all
Everyday is a bit of play, getting paid, thug nigga 'til I see my dying day
Preoccupied with, straight balling, can you hear the liquor calling?
I'm sick of hoes nigga fuck 'em all
Everyday is a bit of play, getting paid, thug nigga 'til I see my dying day

[Outro: 2Pac]
Thug life nigga
Young thugz, Young Thugz, thug sisters
The whole muthafuckin' thug nation
You know see, keep your head up
Keep your motherfuckin money in you pocket
No muthafuckin' mercy, no muthafuckin' mercy[Verse 1]
Dear mama don't cry, Your baby boy's doin' good
Tell the homies I'm in heaven and it ain't got hoods
Seen a show with Marvin Gaye last night
It had me shook
Drinking peppermint schnapps with Jackie Wilson and Sam Cook
Then some lady named Billie Holiday sang
Sittin there kickin it with Malcolm till the day came
Lil' Latasha sure grown, tell the lady in the liquor store that she's forgiven
So come home
Maybe in time you'll understand, only God can save us
Where Miles Davis cutting lose with the band
Just think of all the people that you knew in the past that passed on
They in heaven found peace at last
Picture a place that they exist, together
There has to be a place better than this, in Heaven
So right before I sleep dear God what I'm asking
Remember this face, save me a place

[Verse 2]
Sometimes its hard to wake up in the morning
Mind full of demons, I don't wanna hear them anymore
Got me heartbroken,fine, so many babies screaming
Cause they seeing destruction before they a see human being
So they start smoking weed, we'll never get our day
Until we learn to pray, keep our families in shape
Cause they all broke. and why do ghetto birds die
Before we learn to fly, some bodies else's child caught in guns
Smoking weed, can all make a change
So I'm told, but I haven't seen the change unfold
I keep hoping please, if you prefer to breathe
Communities in need of people that will lead
Only a few chosen, rise (rise)
My ghetto queen, rise (rise)
Don't be afraid to try (try)
Too many of us died to the door to open wide
My brother be wise, stay focused on the prize
And we continue growing....
...One day at a time[Intro]
Excuse me sweet heart, do you like?
Ha ha yeah
Tongue kissin'

[Hook]
Tongue kissin' in the strangest positions
Givin' me a good taste
Of the thang's I've been missin'
Uh
Tongue kissin' in the strangest positions
Givin' you a good taste
Of the thang's you've been missin'
Uh

[Verse 1]
Listen
I can tell by the pain in your eyes you've been through so much
Feel ya could shiver at, the slightest touch
It's like you scared, I might care
I'll never hurt you or desert you, I'll be right there
Let's come together, if you trust me then I can show you
Don't be shamed, it's the changes that people go through
Don't be scared of me, come close to me please
I can see inside your mind, give you what you need
Can I proceed? who do you believe in?
Afraid to leave, but too scared that you need him
Set it free, I can take you to new places
Anticipated it's a parade of new faces
Gettin' hotter now, calm down, get a grip
Slow, baby, ain't no need for rushin' this
I touch your lips and give you kisses that you won't forget
Soft and wet, on your mark, get ready, set

[Hook]
Tongue kissin' in the strangest positions
Givin' you a good taste
Of the thang's you've been missin'
Uh
Tongue kissin' in the strangest positions
Givin' you a good taste
Of the thang's you've been missin'
Uh
Tongue kissin' in the strangest positions
Givin' you a good taste
Of the thang's you've been missin'
Uh
Tongue kissin' in the strangest positions
Givin' you a good taste
Of the thang's you've been missin'
Uh
Tongue kissin' in the strangest positions
Givin' me a good taste
Of the thang's I've been missin'
Uh

[Verse 2]
I wanna take you home, hate to sleep alone
As I whisper in your ear, disappear to a different zone
Promise not to move to fast, I got time
Rather have some conversation, drop lines
Can ya hear me? Tell me if you move, in my groove
Would you do what I ask you to?
See I love to make you moan your erogenous zone
Any a brother in his right mind love to spend some time at home
Though your hurtin' I can feel your pain
Try to understand, we ain't all the same
Let me take you away, can you leave
Some place, to find true peace?
Let me be your lover, a positive figure
Take your mind off the times of fucking with the wrong nigga

[Hook]
Tongue kissin' in the strangest positions
Givin' you a good taste
Of the thang's you've been missin'
Uh
Tongue kissin' in the strangest positions
Givin' you a good taste
Of the thang's you've been missin'
Uh
Tongue kissin' in the strangest positions
Givin' you a good taste
Of the thang's you've been missin'
Uh
Tongue kissin' in the strangest positions
Givin' you a good taste
Of the thang's you've been missin'
Uh

[Verse 3]
I can't breathe, believe when times are low
It's like agony when I'm at home
Heart beatin' at a fast rate
Makin' moves in the nude
I imagine it's the moves that your ass make
Don't be shy, I can't lie
Pictures of me, inside you, want it so bad I could die
I've been possessed, so obsessed to undress you
No disrespect, but my aim is to sex you
After that live your life as my wife at times
You'll understand how I had to live my life of crimes
Come let me put my hands on your hips and move
With your hairdo bobbin' as we flip the mood
Give me good lovin', time to please
In and out, up and down as we grind and freeze
Put your back in the the motion and caress a figure
Make her ashamed for fucking with the wrong nigga

[Hook]
Tongue kissin' in the strangest positions
Givin' me a good taste
Of the thang's I've been missin'
Uh
Tongue kissin' in the strangest positions
Givin' me a good taste
Of the thang's you've been missin'
Uh
Tongue kissin' in the strangest positions
Givin' me a good taste
Of the thang's I've been missin'
Uh
Tongue kissin' in the strangest positions
Givin' you a good taste
Of the thang's you've been missin'
Uh
Tongue kissin' in the strangest positions
Givin' me a good taste
Of the thang's I've been missin'
Uh
Tongue kissin' in the strangest positions
Givin' you a good taste
Of the thang's you've been missin'
Uh
Tongue kissin'
(Oh don't move, right there)
Uh, tongue kissin'
(Yeah)
Tongue kissin'
Tongue kissin'[Segue from "Hail Mary"]

[Intro: 2Pac]
The money behind the dreams
My right hand, my other Capo in this big motherfuckin' war we got
My other Capo in this big-ass
Conglomerate called Death Row
Snoop motherfuckin Dogg, Tha Doggfather
And who we hear comin' through right now?
Makaveli the Don
Feel this, Killuminati

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Lord have mercy, father help us all
Since you supplied your phone number, I can't help but call
Time for action, conversating, we relaxing, kicking back
Got you curious for thug passion, now picture that
Tongue-kissing, hand full of hair, look in my eyes
Time to make the bed rock, baby look how it rise
Me and you moving in the nude, do it in the living room
Sweating up the sheets, it's the Thug in me
I mean no disrespecting when I tongue-kiss your neck
I go a long way to get you wet, what you expect?
Late night, hit the highway, drop the top
I pull over, getting busy in the parking lot
And don't you love it how I lick your hips and glide?
Kiss you soft on your stomach, push my love inside
Got you lost in a love zone, stuck in the lust
I got the bedroom shaking, back-breaking
When we're tossing it up

[Verse 2: Danny Boy & Jojo]
Feel this baby, I like the way it's going down
When nobody's around, slip-slide ride
Giving me that nice smile
Female I like, what I want to give all night
You and me alone, everybody's gone, toss it up
Baby let's get it on!
I like the way you please me, baby
The sexy way you tease me, shorty
The way you move your body
It really drives me crazy
Your body hypnotizing, your smell is so exciting
So baby come on home with me
I like the way you give it to me, baby

[Chorus: Danny Boy & JoJo]
I like the way you give it to me
Let me see you toss it up
I like the way you give it to me
Let me see you toss it up
I like the way you give it to me
Let me see you toss it up
I like the way you give it to me
Let me see you toss it up

[Post-Chorus: Danny Boy & JoJo]
Play on, play on, play on, play on
Play on, play on, play on, play on
Play on, play on, play on, play on
Play on, play on, play on, play on

[Verse 3: K-Ci & Aaron Hall]
Oh, it's K-Ci baby, mmm, that want you lady
Oh, don't act so shady
Baby, your taste as fine as gravy
The way you move that thing
You make me wanna sing
Girl, you make my bells ring
Make them go ting-a-ling!
Nasty man, I'm here again
Don't want it to ever end
It's feeling too good
Gimme some more, oh lady, lady
Your body the kind I like, a
Big booty, titillating delight
Back it up, yo, let me in there
Toss it up for me

[Chorus: K-Ci & Aaron Hall]
I like the way you give it to me
Let me see you toss it up
I like the way you give it to me
Let me see you toss it up
I like the way you give it to me
Let me see you toss it up
I like the way you give it to me
Let me see you toss it up
So won't you play on

[Verse 4: 2Pac]
How do you want it? What's your phone number? I get around
Cali Love to my true Thugs, picture me now
Still down for that Death Row sound, searchin' for paydays
No longer Dre Day: arrivederci!
Blown and forgotten, rotten for plotting child's play
Check your sexuality, as fruity as this Alizé
Quick to jump ship, punk trick, what a dumb move
Cross Death Row, now who you gonna run to?
Laugh at you suckers 'cause you similar
Pretending to be hard, oh my God, check your temperature
Screaming "Compton", but you can't return, you ain't heard?
Brothers pissed 'cause you switched and escaped to the burbs
Mob on to this new era, 'cause we untouchable
Still can't believe that you got 'Pac rushing you
Up in you, bless the real, all the rest get killed
Who can you trust? Only time reveals
Toss it up

[Outro: 2Pac, K-Ci & Aaron Hall]
On and on, yeah, and on
Let me see you toss it up (Toss it up)
Won't you toss it up (Yeah, no doubt)
Won't you toss it up, yeah (Let me see you toss it up)
Play on player, play on
Yeah (Let me see you toss it up)
Let me see you toss it up
How can some non-players do a song about tossing it up
And then want to do a player song?
(You so fat, you and Lil' Kim need a weight scale to lay down in bed
We are not little kids, you fat ass, you feelin' threatened)
How can non-players do it? (You know who I'm talking bout)
Teddy Riley, who? Puffy? who?
Puffy, I read your little interview buddy, c'mon
You still ain't touching us, all that peace talk
I don't care if you kiss my ass from here to across the street, boy
It's on! Toss it up, we took you on
And we took y'all beat (Toss it up)
You know who beat we took, and we took y'all beat
'Cause you wasn't rocking it right! (Toss it up now)
Tired of suckers rocking beats that don't belong to them, toss it up, it's on, it's out there now, it's our beat now
Yeah, toss it up now![Intro: 2Pac]
A military mind, nigga
A military mind mean money
A criminal grind, nigga
A criminal grind mean hustle
You know

[Chorus: 2Pac]
We tradin' war stories, we Outlawz on the rise
Jealous niggas I despise, look in my eyes
We tradin' war stories, we Outlawz on the rise
Jealous niggas I despise, look in my eyes

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Now can your mind picture, a thug nigga drinkin' hard liquor
This ghetto life has got me catchin' up to God quicker
Who would figure that all I need was a hair trigger
Semi-automatic MAC-11 just to scare niggas
Pardon my thug poetry, but suckers is born everyday
And feared men grow on trees
Criminal ties for centuries, a legend in my own rhymes
So niggas whisper when they mention
Machiavelli was my tutor, Donald Goines, my father figure
Mama sent me to go play with the drug dealers
Henceforth, we thug niggas and we came in packs
Every one of my niggas strapped sippin' on 'Gnac
In the back, my AR-15
Thuggin' 'til I die, these streets got me cravin' thorazine
My lyrics are blueprints to money makin'
Fat as that ass that honey shakin'

[Chorus: 2Pac & Kastro]
My nigga tradin' war stories, we Outlawz on the rise
Jealous niggas I despise, look in my eyes
My nigga tradin' war stories, we Outlawz on the rise
Jealous niggas despise, look in my eyes

[Verse 2: Kastro]
I bust a trey-trey, buggin an' shit
They call it overthuggin' and shit
But I was just a younger nigga, gettin' older and lovin' this shit
But what was I doin' in this place?
To the fakes without a pistol in the first
Facin' termination in the worst
But I figured to play the wall; to watch all
These playa hatin' niggas position for I could see 'em all
Made it up out of there, lucky to be here to tell you
But it'll never be a repeat, people, I'm tryna tell you

[Verse 3: E.D.I. Mean]
Now picture the scenery, I'm thugged out smokin' greenery
Considered a BG, but I'm off in this game something D-P
My eyes only see deez, that's why I'm young and burnt out
Learned the know how, well how to do now, by 18 turned out
And wide open, the ridin' and smokin'
Collidin' with foes in the worst place
Y'all shouldn'ta fucked with us, in the first place
Y'all real OGs, droppin' game to the youngsters
Y'all don't want no funk 'cause
Y'all be the next in the long line of war stories

[Chorus: 2Pac & C-Bo]
We tradin' war stories, we Outlawz on the rise
Jealous niggas I despise, look in my eyes
We tradin' war stories, we Outlawz on the rise
Jealous niggas I despise, look in my eyes

[Verse 4: C-Bo]
I breaks them off with this gangsta war story tale
Stacking loot up in the coupe that I protect with a Mack 12
Slap my clip in the chamber; fool, your life's in danger
No one will remain when I come through dumping insane
Call me Bo Loc Major Pain, gun-slang and moving 'caine
I be the nigga that's pulling the trigger
And dumping the hot ones up in your brain
More bigger balls than RuPaul, Thug Life ain't a ball
We bust that ass up against the wall (up against the wall)
Never been no sign for men call
How we bucks them down on the way to the ground
Ain't nothing but the hog in me
Plus, stompin' steel toed, killin' up hoes and keep mobbin' G
It ain't no calling the funk off
Don't be funking with my sawed off
Bust they dirty-ass drawers off
And had them bitch niggas hauled off

[Chorus: 2Pac & Napolean]
We tradin' war stories, we Outlawz on the rise
Jealous niggas I despise, look in my eyes
We tradin' war stories, we Outlawz on the rise
Jealous niggas I despise, look in my eyes

[Verse 5: Napoleon]
My whole family been raised on shit that ain't okay
Ain't nothing on this earth will make a nigga like me stay
I'm reminiscing, and catchin' flashbacks when niggas ran up
In my house and I was too young, to try to blast back
What happend then? No one would tell me since I was three
Heard that God took my peoples, now they living somewhere free
But fuck that, you got what's mines and I want that
Never drop my guard, been on the squad, since ways back
And now I'm sitting, holding in anger because my parents missing
Thugging Immortal when got some war stories for you

[Verse 6: Storm]
Now look at me, straight Outlaw Immortal
Never gave a fuck cause I was nobody's daughter
Outlawing from my tits to my clits, don't try to figure
'Cause the murderous tendencies in my mind
Can't be controlled, nigga
So who's the bigger, who's the quickest killer?
Would you try to trip with my finger on the 9 milla
When I got you on kay-nine-fourths
Prayin' to God as your life goes back and forth
We tradin' war stories

[Chorus: 2Pac]
We tradin' war stories, Outlawz on the rise
Jealous niggas I despise, look in my eyes
We tradin' war stories, Outlawz on the rise
Jealous niggas I despise, look in my eyes
We tradin' war stories, Outlawz on the rise
Jealous niggas I despise, look in my eyes
We tradin' war stories, Outlawz on the rise
Jealous niggas I despise, look in my eyes
We tradin' war stories, Outlawz on the rise
Jealous niggas I despise, look in my eyes
We tradin' war stories, Outlawz on the rise
Jealous niggas I despise, look in my eyes
We tradin' war stories, Outlawz on the rise
Jealous niggas I despise, look in my eyes
We tradin' war stories, Outlawz on the rise
Jealous niggas I despise, look in my eyes
We tradin' war stories, Outlawz on the rise
Jealous niggas I despise, look in my eyes
We tradin' war stories, Outlawz on the rise
Jealous niggas I despise, look in my eyes
We tradin' war stories, Outlawz on the rise
Jealous niggas I despise, look in my eyes

[Collision: 2Pac]
War stories nigga; hahaha, what players do
Thug Life, Outlaw Immortalz
Motherfucking 2Pac a.k.a. Makaveli
Can you feel me?
Just so you know, it's on Death Row
My niggas love that shit
Dramacydal in this motherfucker, heheheh
Yea nigga! Shout out to my niggas Fatal N Felony
C-Bo, the bald head nut, what?
You know what time it is[Verse 1: 2Pac]
You know they got me trapped in this prison of seclusion
Happiness, living on the streets is a delusion
Even a smooth criminal one day must get caught
Shot up or shot down with the bullet that he bought
Nine millimeter kickin' thinkin' about what the streets do to me
'Cause they never taught peace in the black community
All we know is violence, do the job in silence
Walk the city streets like a rat pack of tyrants
Too many brothers, daily headed for the big pen
Niggas comin' out worse-off than when they went in
Over the years I've done, a lot of growin' up
Gettin' drunk, throwin' up, cuffed up, then I said I had enough
There must be another route, way out to money and fame
I changed my name, played a different game
Tired of being trapped in this vicious cycle
If one more cop harrasses me I just might go psycho
And when I get 'em, I'll hit 'em with the bum rush
Only a lunatic would like to see his skull crushed
Yo, if you're smart you'll really let me go, G
But keep me cooped up in this ghetto and catch the Uzi
They got me trapped

[Chorus: Shock G & 2Pac]
Uh uh, they can't keep the black man down
They got me trapped
Naw, they can't keep the black man down
Trapped
Uh uh, they can't keep the black man down
Trapped
Naw, they can't keep the black man down

[Verse 2: 2Pac]
They got me trapped, can barely walk the city streets
Without a cop harasskin' me, searching me, then askin' my identity
Hands up, throw me up against the wall, didn't do a thing at all
I'm telling you one day these suckers gotta fall
Cuffed up throw me on the concrete
Coppers try to kill me but they didn't know this was the wrong street
Bang bang, count another casualty
But it's a cop who's shot for his brutality
Who do you blame? It's a shame because the man's slain
He got caught in the chains of his own game
How can I feel guilty after all the things they did to me?
Sweated me, hunted me, trapped in my own community
One day I'm gonna bust, blow up on this society
Why did you lie to me? I couldn't find a trace of equality
Worked me like a slave while they laid back
Homie don't play that, it's time I let 'em suffer the payback
I'm tryin' to avoid physical contact
I can't hold back, it's time to attack jack
They got me trapped

[Chorus: Shock G & 2Pac]
Uh uh, they can't keep the black man down
They got me trapped
Naw, they can't keep the black man down
Trapped
Uh uh, they can't keep the black man down
Trapped
Naw, they can't keep the black man down

[Verse 3: 2Pac]
Now I'm trapped, and walkin' for my getaway
All I need is a G and somewhere safe to stay
Can't use the phone 'cause I'm sure someone is tapping in
Did it before, ain't scared to use my gat again
I look back in hindsight the fight was irrelevant
But now he's the Devil's friend, too late to be tellin' him
He shot first and I'll be damned if I run away
Homie is done away, I should've put my gun away
I wasn't thinkin', all I heard was the ridicule
Girlies was laughin', Tup sayin "Damn homies is dissin' you"
I fired my weapon, started steppin' in the hurricane
I got shot, so I dropped feelin' a burst of pain
Got to my feet, couldn't see nothin' but bloody blood
Now I'm a fugitive to be hunted like a murderer
Ran through an alley, still lookin' for my getaway
Copper say, "Freeze, or you'll be dead today."
Trapped in a corner, dark and I couldn't see the light
Thoughts in my mind was the nine and a better life
What do I do? Live my life in a prison cell?
I'd rather die than be trapped in a living Hell
They got me trapped

[Chorus: Shock G & 2Pac]
Uh uh, they can't keep the black man down
They got me trapped
Naw, they can't keep the black man down
Trapped
Uh uh, they can't keep the black man down
You know they got me trapped
Naw, they can't keep the black man down
Trapped

[Outro]
"Yo ya'll seen 2Pac man? Y'all seen 2Pac man?
There he go! Ay 'Pac!"Davey D: In 1991, Tupac got his first real taste of trouble when he was stopped for jay walking in downtown Oakland. According to Pac, the police officers did not take a liking to his name, for they said some unfavorable things. Pac in return responded and the result was him being arrested and brutalized. This incident resulted  in him filing a 10 million dollar lawsuit against the City of Oakland. It wasn't long afterwards that Tupac released the first of his six albums. The first was entitled 2Pocalypse Now and it highlighted Tupac’s passionate, political, and thug life side. Songs like "Trap" while politically on point, stirred up much of the controversy when it depicted an Oakland police officer being shot at the end of the video. This particular song caught the attention of Dan Quayle, who expressed his outrage. Other songs like "Brenda Got a Bay" brought attention to the emotional and heartfelt side of the rising star. Tupac gained national fame when he played the role of Roland Bishop, a violent, insecure, short-tempered, psychotic individual, and the blockbuster movie Juice. Initially, director Ernest Dickerson had invited Digitial Underground's Money B to audition for the movie. Tupac went along for the ride. Once there, he read the part cold turkey and was hired to play his role, which left many wondering if Tupac was acting or just being himself. As Tupac's popularity began to soar, so did his troubles. In the Summer of ’92 while attending Marine City's 50th Anniversary, Tupac and his entourage had a confrontation with some old acquaintances. During the ensuing fight, a gun was drawn, shots were fired, and a little six-year-old laid dead as an innocent bystander. Tupac's brother Mercedes, who at the time rapped for the group Tony! Toni! Toné! and later for Thug Life, was arrested and charged. Eventually he was let go for lack of evidence. Tupac later found himself embroiled in more controversy when a Texas cop was shot and killed. The widow of the slain officer filed the multi-million dollar civil suit against Tupac, claiming that it was his music and lyrics that influenced the young perpetrator to kill. If that wasn't enough, also in that year, Tupac while visiting the set of Fox TV's In Living Color had an altercation with the limo driver. The result was him being arrested and charged with assault. Eventually the charges would drop. Seemingly wherever Tupac went, trouble followed. First Tupac found himself being charged with assault after he and a group of friends beat up the film directors known as the Hughes Brothers. This incident stemmed from him being fired from the movie Menace II Society.

(-Ciety, -ciety, -ciety, -ciety)[Verse 1]
Born to wreck shit, poppin' bubble gum
Others call me Yum, but momma call me troublesome
Learned to shoot a gun, before I learned to read or write
Never touched a pipe, made my money every night
'Til I gotta (ride), a motherfuckin' Benz (benz)
Bitch talked to every snitch, they jeopardized me gettin' rich
Only fifteen at a spot full of rock teens
Full of hard knocks, ready to clock, fuck the cops (yeah!)
And we was fat like Trump
Every nigga packed a pump, so time to be poppin' trunks
I stood at the top of the organization
Ready to pop a cop with no hesitations (fuck the police) yeah
Now I'm makin' all the others run
Cause here it comes, look out for brother troublesome

[Interlude]
Yeah y'all, hehe
A nigga named Troublesome

[Verse 2]
I learned from my mistakes I'm twenty-one now
I gotta pack of jackers out for me they hold a gun battle
Ain't old enough to save but I behave just like a true vet
That's cause for all the dirt I did and dirt I didn't do yet
Tryin' to pop my pistol for a profit
Copper tried to stop I didn't drop and so we got it (yeah)
And I don't give a fuck about it
(Aiyyo you think you'll ever quit this shit?) I doubt it
So why not take all of me
Cause I just love to be the nigga that nobody else has the balls to be
These suckers always searchin' for me, with funk
They in a hurry to get buried with they loc's up (see ya)
And once I let my gun pop
Another motherfucker drops
I smoke a gang of buddha better yet some indo
Crack through your window, nigga where the fuck the ya-yo?
You tried to hesitate I couldn't wait to rush him
I didn't trust him, he sneezed and I had to bust him
I'm criminal I'm workin' doin' wicked shit
So catch a Christmas cause I'm murderin' your witnesses, I'm troublesome

[Interlude]
Yeah!
Yeah, a nigga named Troublesome

[Verse 3]
Now I'm on top got plenty dope in
I ain't no fuckin' joke so you can label me King of Oakland, huh
As I sit back and rake my, dough in
I let my money grown in just got rich off what they owin', huh
And pimpin' hoes, there's no open
Keepin' a sister broke I'd rather take it from the token (give it up)
A psychopath when provoked then
All you see is smoke I pull a pistol from my, coat
I told you we ain't havin' it (c'mere)
Give up the dough, reached for his coat, started grabbin' it
Bang bang! Was the sound as I jetted
A bullet in the head so the sucker don't forget it
But I knew that I'd be dead soon
Crime in my head, makin' decisions in my bedroom
I see task at my front do' (ahh shit)
But I ain't goin' alive, so what the fuck these niggas come fo'
Just because you got a vest don't mean you escape from death (bitch)
I put this AK to your chest it'll take your entire breath
Threw a grenade in the front yard
Six cops lunged then got crunched, here they come God
The other cops are closin' in
Deja vu, what do I do, here we go again (here we go again)
I'd rather take my life than have these suckers clown me
When they found me, they call me troublesome

[Outro]
Niggas ain't tapin', not a live
Troublesome, word up
Uptown, they got a Troublesome
In Crooklyn, they got a Troublesome
In the Bronx, they got a Troublesome
In Oaktown, they got a Troublesome
South Central, they got a Troublesome
The jungle, they got a Troublesome
Washington D.C., (troublesome)
Baltimore (troublesome)
Miami (troublesome)
Seattle, All over this motherfuckin' country (troublesome)
In every single ghetto (troublesome)
As long as there ain't money there's gonna be troublesome
(Troublesome), word up
(Troublesome)
(Troublesome), troublesome
Troublesome (troublesome)
My nigga named Troublesome, troublesome, troublesome. troublesome..[Intro]
Troublesome, nigga
Hahaha, troublesome 19-motherfuckin'-96
(Westside!) Let it be known, nigga!
Boss of all bosses, Makaveli

[Verse 1]
Menacin' methods, label me a lethal weapon
Makin' niggas die witnessin' breathless imperfections
Can you picture my specific plan?
To be the man in this wicked land, underhanded hits are planned
These scams are plotted over grams and rocks
Outlawz motherfuckers die by the random shots
We all die in the end, so revenge we swore
I was all about my ends; fuck friends and foes!
Me, a born leader, never leave the block without my heater
Got me a dog and named her "my bitch nigga eater"
What could they do to me, you lil' brat?
Shit, them niggas that shot me is still terrified I'll get they ass
How can I show you how I feel inside?
We Outlawz, motherfuckers can't kill my pride
Niggas talk a lot of shit, but that's after I'm gone
‘Cause they fear me in the physical form
Let it be known I'm troublesome

[Hook]
La la la la, la, la
La, la-la la, lahhh
Bye bye, bye bye
All you niggas die

[2Pac over Hook]
Troublesome nigga, Outlawz
Put it down to the fullest
Spittin' rhymes and bullets, ha ha
We troublesome
Y'all know what time it is
Call the punk police, they can't stop us
Niggas run the streets, we troubleshit

[Verse 2]
Gutter ways, my mentality is ghetto
We guerrilla in this criminal war, we all rebels
Death before dishonor, bet I bomb on 'em first
Niggas knew we came for murder, pullin' up in a hearse
Westside was the war cry, bustin' off freely
Screamin', "Fuck all y'all niggas!" in Swahili
Pistol packin', fresh out of jail, I ain't goin' back
Release me to the care of my heartless strap
Say my name three times like Candyman
Bet I roll on yo' ass, like an avalanche
A sole survivor, learned to get high and pull drive-bys
Murder my foes, can't control my nine
Hearin' thoughts of my enemies pleadin', "please"
Busta-ass motherfuckers tried to flee
Picture me lettin' this chump survive
Ran up on his ass, when I dumped he died
‘Cause I'm troublesome

[Hook]
La la la la, la, la
La, la-la la, lahhh
Bye bye, bye bye
All you niggas die

[2Pac over Hook]
Young, strapped, and I don't give a fuck
I'm hopeless
I live the Thug Life, losin' my focus, ba-baby
I'm troublesome, ha ha
Bad Boy killa, there is no one realer
What you saw
Was the rough, rugged and raw: Outlaw!

[Verse 3]
"Murder, murder, my mind state," shit ain't changed
Since my last rhyme; the crime rate ain't decline
Niggas bustin' shots like they lost they mind
Like 25 to life never crossed they mind
Tell me young nigga never learned a thang
Dead at thirteen ‘cause he yearned to bang
Sent a lot of flowers, but how could I cry?
Tried to warn the little nigga, "Either stop or die."
Mercy is for the weak, when I speak I scream
Afraid to sleep, I'm havin' crazy dreams
Vivid pictures of my enemies, family times
God forgive me ‘cause it's wrong, but I plan to die
Either take me in Heaven and understand I was a G
Did the best I could, raised in insanity
Or send me to Hell, ‘cause I ain't beggin' for my life
Ain't nothin' worse than this cursed-ass hopeless life
I'm troublesome

[Hook]
La la la la, la, la
La, la-la la, lahhh
Bye bye, bye bye
All you niggas die

[Outro]
In your wildest dreams you couldn't picture a nigga like me
Hahahaha – I'm troublesome, I don't give a fuck
I'm troublesome… like my nigga Napoleon said, nigga
Somebody gotta explain why I ain't got shit
Ha ha, I'm troublesome
You know what time it is, the Outlaw clique
Young, rugged and sick
Makaveli the Don, the Boss of all bosses
Mussolini, E.D.I. Mean, Hussein Fatal
Kadafi, Kastro, Napoleon, Bo-Nitty
Haha, we ain't fuckin' around
Haha, we troublesome
Ayo, ha ha, we troublesome, I ain't goin', HA HAH
Young Kastro, the first to blast, the last one to dash
Goin' for the hoes and the cash
Fuck you niggas! Outlawz! Ha hah!
Kadafi – trump tight, never sloppy
Them motherfuckers try to copy
But they can't mock you, nigga, you're too strong
Outlawz keep it goin' on, you know whassup
Outlawz, Outlawz, all you niggas die
Outlawz, Outlawz
This is dedicated to the real niggas
All the real troublesome soldiers on the streets
(…Bye bye, bye bye, all you niggas die…)[Intro: 2Pac]
Yo c'mon man, what do you mean you don't wanna ride with me, nigga
C'mon, get in the car, get in the fuckin' car, man
Yo why you trippin' man? Get in the fuckin' car, man
Get in the fuckin' car.. get in the car
(Heh, say you, you scared to ride in my car
'Cause you, you think niggas gon' be blastin' at it
It ain't even that deep baby)

[Hook: 2Pac]
You don't have to worry you can ride with me now
Niggas are quick to scream how they die for me now
Only got one clique, they Outlawz on the Row
Fair exchange when we fuck them hoes

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Repetitive blows are thrown, to my foes
No love shown get disposed of blasted full blown
My unknown tendencies to mash my comp
Gettin' wicked with my ski-mask, find the stash and dump
While niggas run I'm the last one standin', the rest die
Victims of my lethal chrome cannon, westside
Though it's worldwide no one can deny my views
Tracked it to my very fabric once the plastic blew
Five shots changed my whole life, throats were slit
Niggas die by my orders when I wrote this shit
Though we go back like wild knights at Latin Quarters
Niggas tried to kill me, and I fed their wife and their daughters
Blazed the weed, draped they seeds, gave 'em cash
Pass the fame and let the game go rollin' past
Why you change, it's a cold world taught me life
Retaliation proves niggas never caught me right
Say they shot me in my nuts, out of luck
Quit bullshit nigga 'cause I'm still fuckin' yo' bitch
Niggas got me twisted in a bad way, why you change?
Fuck with me, all this shit pay, nigga fuck the fame

[Verse 2: Young Noble]
Y'all remember "Hit 'Em Up," don't make us do it once more
Yo' niggas know, you ain't fuckin' with them Out-lawz
We keep souljas, souljas from Compton to Brooklyn
Your the type to get sniped, when the cops is lookin'
Don't nobody give a fuck 'cause you done crossed the game
Lost in fame, and you should take, all the blame
You made yo' bed nigga lay in it
You scared to come up out that cell nigga stay in it
It's not a game only got one click we Outlawz from the do'
Dirt stains when I buck on the fo', you kissin' the flo'
We dirty as the motherfuckin' streetz of Jerz
We sweep niggas with the words though the heat's preferred
Holla

[Hook: 2Pac]
You don't have to worry you can ride with me now
Niggas are quick to scream how they die for me now
Only got one click, they Outlawz on the Row
Fair exchange when we fuck them hoes, let the punks know

[Verse 3: E.D.I.]
'Pac I wish I was in the motherfuckin' car wit'cha
I'd have took every bullet that they threw, hand of God, nigga
I only got one click, Outlawz 'til I'm gone
Heavy in the game and we comin' for they fuckin' throne
The love is gone well it is what it is
And plottin' on us, they best be prayin' for they kids, mayne
You don't have to worry 'cause I ride for ya
Like K said over loyal we even tell 'bout a lie for ya
You put me in the game and dog I owe it all to ya
And when it get to poppin' I'ma fuckin' ball for ya
And everything I do gon' have your names on it
I'll never let them forget I put my seeds on it

[Verse 4: Napoleon]
You gon' die before yo' time, come face the truth
In the middle of the desert nigga lace your boots
As a youth, hundred proof, tap my chest is a dead rest
You studio niggas still remind your vest
Why the fuck you ain't done yet, swallow yo' teeth
In the field you woulda been need a straw when you eat
Fuck a Glock nine that shit is weak on the streets
And if you can't strategize then you just can't eat
If your life in another nigga hand, you dead
And if it's beef and your man disappear then don't sweat it
Another fake nigga usin' my strengths to get credit
I mean you might face sound scared but your heartbeat said it

[Hook: 2Pac]
You don't have to worry you can ride with me now
Niggas are quick to scream how they die for me now
Only got one click, they Outlawz on the Row
Fair exchange when we fuck these hoes, let the punks know

[Verse 5: Kastro]
I was born ugly, unlucky and dusty
But now I'm a rider, connivin' gutsy
And I don't trust nobody, so don't nobody trust me
And that's how I'ma go about it 'til somebody bust me
I play for keeps like the OG's raised me
If I sleep I won't eat, who gonna feed my baby?
And I think I'm goin' crazy 'cause my hair is gettin' thinner
I've been drinkin' on the daily, I can hardly remember
I got - bad nerves, paranoia destroyed me
I love the Lord but the church can't cure me
I sleep light, I wake peekin' out my window
With guns under my mattress and guns under the pillow
And that's the way it's gonna be 'til they bury me
But don't twist it 'cause none of y'all niggas worry me

[Verse 6: Young Noble & Kastro]
What the fuck you didn't know?
Kizza-Kastro, Young Noble with the criminal flow
You nervous nelly ass niggas belly up in the river, no dizoubt
My niggas couldn't fade me with some clippers
You put it down, look all around, 'til we find you we hound
Penitentiary bound, to remind you

[Verse 7: Kadafi]
Kadafi I bring the lingo to the click
Tasty like a Pringle, sneakin' through your chimney like Kris Kringle
On some shit, get me fee to let my ice click Ka-pling, ka-plow I been a thug shootin' slugs since a child

[Hook: 2Pac]
You don't have to worry you can ride with me now
Niggas are quick to scream how they die for me now
Only got one click, they Outlawz on the Row
Fair exchange when we fuck these hoes, let the punks know[Intro]
You don't wanna battle (Battle, battle)
With me, whoa
You don't wanna battle (Battle)

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Yo I can rock it on a slow tip
Don't flip, 'cause I can do this
No shit, won't trip, ain't nothin' to this
2Pacalpyse, now jack you better brace
'Cause I'm thumpin' it up and pumpin' it up with hellafied bass
If the comp rolls, throw blows until they back down
They sweat, no threat, suckers I smack down
No joke, I smoke any and all punks
They step, mic check and then they get done
What's next? I flex and rock the dope TECs
Get drunk, then run through crews like group sex
Get sprung, it's fun, I love to hear the hoes homeboys
Make noise from back to front rows
'Cause yo, I flow and go continually
2Pac, non-stop rippin' up scenery
So now, you know how I be rockin' shit
When I flow, same ho with the 2Pacalypse

[Chorus]
You don't wanna battle, down with me
Nobody

[Verse 2: Ryan D]
Time to crunch and munch, your pussy ass see I had a hunch
You couldn't punch, I eat you for lunch
And go through, your sorry crew, I thought you knew?
You punk motherfuckers couldn't ever do
The things I, The R the Y—
The A the N Daz D did bitch, you couldn't ever fade me
I'm not a sucker, I treat you like a serious trick
You little dummy, you need to stop talkin' shit
You got nerve, I give you credit, to think you hang
But brother we're not all in the same gang
The punks, the suckers, the phonies, the perpetrators like you
Would never even fit in a crew
Without suckin' a dick, or maybe robbin' a bank
You see you don't got talent and your breathe straight stank ho Now step in line before I'm mad at you
You silly sucker ha, I thought you knew

[Chorus]
Who would wanna battle, down with me?
Nobo-dy

[Verse 3: 2Pac]
Hit dropper, shit stopper with the strength to motivate
Give me a break, and then it's time to illustrate
2Pac will terminate, 'cause niggas like to perpetrate
Rhymes I create, yo you best believe they're worth the wait
So here I go, I'm about to throw a dope flow
And let them know 2Pac will hit you with a death blow
But you say no because you wanna battle blow for blow
I'm nothin' nice and my advise is just to let it go
I would just battle you but somehow I don't think it's fair
I'm not an amateur, I'll damage ya and leave you there
Anyway nigga I'm the one they want to hear from
Fuck that pussy shit that you be boppin' in they eardrum
'Cause in the 90's boy, 2Pac is comin' through
I'm in effect, snappin' necks, I thought you knew

[Chorus]
Who would wanna battle, down with me?
Nobo-dy

[Verse 4: Ryan D]
You wanna talk about a battle?
Well I'ma talk about a massacre
You soft sucker, I'm tryin' not to laugh at ya
You and your posse, just stepped into the circle of death
You thought I wouldn't but the gauge, was in effect
I'm not a killer but I'm not exactly pro-life
Keep actin' stupid I'ma stab you with my girl's knife
I'm not a coward, punk I'll walk into your livin' room
Change the channel, and make you watch a cartoon
And if you step, I hope you pack a serious nine
'Cause if you don't, your sorry ass will be all mine
'Cause I'm a warrior, I'll make a fire out of a stick
Life in the jungle, but never comin' less than thick
You sorry maggot, you need to learn a lesson from me
The funky brother causin' trouble chief R Y D
'Cause I'm no sucker, I'm laughin' at you and your crew
You'll never hang 2Pac, I thought you knew

[Chorus]
Who would wanna battle, down with me?
Nobo-dy
Who would wanna battle, down with me?
Nobo-dy
Who would wanna battle, down with me?
Nobo-dy[Chorus: 2Pac]
Am I wrong, 'cause I wanna get it on till I die?
Am I wrong, 'cause I wanna get it on till I die?
Get it on, till I die, get it on, till I die
Y’all, y’all remember me
Y’all, y’all remember me

[Verse 1: James Brown]
You sold me out for chicken change
You told me that they, they had it all arranged
You had me down
Last chance, fancy pants
Oh, very well
You gotta get ready, for the big payback
The big payback!
Hey, hey

[Chorus: 2Pac]
Am I wrong, 'cause I wanna get it on till I die?
Am I wrong, 'cause I wanna get it on till I die?
Get it on, till I die, get it on, till I die
Y’all, y’all remember me
I like the way you die, boy
Am I wrong, 'cause I wanna get it on till I die?
Am I wrong, 'cause I wanna get it on till I die?
Get it on, till I die, get it on, till I die
Y’all, y’all remember me
I like the way you die, boy

[Verse 2: 2Pac]
Only wish to breed, I explode into a million seeds
Ya’ll remember me, legendary live eternally
Bury me in pieces 'cause they fear reincarnation
Niggas screaming peace cause they fear when my squad face ‘em
Take them to places, stake they face
Then erase ‘em and brake ‘em
Murder motherfuckers at a rate and then quicken the pace
Blast me, but never ask me to live a lie
Am I wrong 'cause I wanna get it on till I die?
Now even if you blind you still see my prophecy
My destiny to overthrow those on top of me
Bitch made niggas and that bullshit you're going through
Outlawz rushing you, busting you, we untouchable

[Chorus: 2Pac]
Am I wrong, 'cause I wanna get it on till I die?
Am I wrong, 'cause I wanna get it on till I die?
Get it on, till I die, get it on, till I die
Y’all, y’all remember me
I like the way you die, boy
Am I wrong, 'cause I wanna get it on till I die?
Am I wrong, 'cause I wanna get it on till I die?
Get it on, till I die, get it on, till I die
Y’all, y’all remember me

[Outro: 2pac]
Expect me like you expect Jesus to come back
Expect me nigga, I’m coming, hahaha[Intro]
(What y'all want?)
Unconditional love (no doubt)
Talkin' about the stuff that don't wear off, it don't fade
It'll last for all these crazy days, these crazy nights
Whether you wrong or you right
A motherfucker still love you, still feel you
Still there for you, no matter what (hehe)
You will always be in my heart with unconditional love

[Verse 1]
Come listen to my truest thoughts, my truest feelings
All my peers doin' years beyond drug dealing
How many caskets can we witness
Before we see it's hard to live this life without God?
So we must ask forgiveness
Ask Mama why I got this urge to die
Witness the tears fallin' free from my eyes before she could reply
Though we were born without a silver spoon
My broken down TV show cartoons in my living room (hey)
One day I hope to make it, a player in this game
Mama, don't cry, long as we try maybe things change
Perhaps it's just a fantasy
A life where we don’t need no welfare and share with our whole family
Maybe it's me that caused it, the fightin' and the hurtin'
In my room cryin' because I didn't wanna be a burden
Watch Mama open up her arms to hug me
And I ain't worried 'bout a damn thing, with unconditional love

[Chorus]
In this game, the lesson's in your eyes to see
Though things change, the future's still inside of me
We must remember that tomorrow comes after the dark
So you will always be in my heart, with unconditional love
In this game, the lesson's in your eyes to see
Though things change, the future's still inside of me
We must remember that tomorrow comes after the dark
So you will always be in my heart, with unconditional love

[Verse 2]
Just got the message, you've been callin' all week
Been out here hustlin' on these streets
Ain't had a chance to speak
But you know, with you and me it's all G
We could never be enemies
'Cause you've been such a good friend to me
Where would I be without my dogs?
No wonder why when times get hard
'Cause it ain't easy bein' who we are
Driven by my ambitions, desire higher positions
So I proceed to make G's eternally
And my mission is to be more than just a rap musician
The elevation of today's generation, if I could make 'em listen
Prison ain't what we need, no longer stuck in greed
Time to plan, strategize, my family's gotta eat
We work somethin' out of nothin'
No pleasure in the sufferin'
Neighborhood would be good if they could cut out all the bustin'
The liquor and the weed, the cussin'
Sendin' love out to my block
The struggle never stops (unconditional love)

[Chorus]
In this game, the lesson's in your eyes to see
Though things change, the future's still inside of me
We must remember that tomorrow comes after the dark
So you will always be in my heart, with unconditional love
In this game, the lesson's in your eyes to see
Though things change, the future's still inside of me
We must remember that tomorrow comes after the dark
So you will always be in my heart, with unconditional love

[Verse 3]
I'll probably never understand your ways
With everyday I swear I hear you tryin' to change your ways
While gettin' paid at the same time
Just had a baby with the same eyes
Somethin' inside, please let me die, these are strange times
How come I never made it?
Maybe it's the way I played it in my heart
I knew one day I gotta be a star
My hopes and all my wishes, so many vivid pictures
And all the currency I'll never even get to see
This fast life soon shatters, 'cause after all the lights and screams nothin' but my dreams matter
Hopin' for better days, maybe a peaceful night
Baby, don't cry, 'cause everything gon' be alright
Just lay your head on my shoulder
Don't worry 'bout a thing, baby girl, I'm a soldier (huh)
Never treated me bad, no matter who I was
You still came with that unconditional love

[Chorus] (repeat to fade)
In this game, the lesson's in your eyes to see
Though things change, the future's still inside of me
We must remember that tomorrow comes after the dark
So you will always be in my heart, with unconditional love
In this game, the lesson's in your eyes to see
Though things change, the future's still inside of me
We must remember that tomorrow comes after the dark
So you will always be in my heart, with unconditional loveMy child is out there somewhere
under the skies above
waiting anxiously 4 u and me
2 bless it with our love
A part of me a part of u
and a part of this love we share
will protect my unborn child
who lives dormant out there somewhere
Sometimes in my dreams
I imagine what it would be like
How could I properly guide him
when even I don't know what's right
Whether he is born in wealth or poverty
there will be no deficiency in love
I welcome this gift of life
given from GOD under the skies above[Hook]
Unstoppable
I know that you want me to fail
But no I won't
I'll keep fighting until the day I'm in a box
Until I sit in Heaven I will never stop
I will never stop

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
After the fire comes the rain, after the pleasure there's pain
Even though we broke for the moment, we'll be ballin' again
'Til I make it, yo, my military be prepared for them bustaz
Similar to niggas too scary, get too near me, we rushin'
Visions of over-packed prisons, visions of niggas thug livin'
Pressures and three strikes, I hope they don't test us
They pull the heat out, ammunition in crates
Psssh! Move without a sound as we slide down pistols in place
They got me fiendin' for currency, the money be callin'
It’s like I’m - dreamin', seein' scenes of me ballin'
Participated in felonious behavior
Cock the cocked 45, snatchin' niggas pagers
Labeled a mark soon as we start, it was hard to quit
We started out drinkin' 40's, moved to harder shit
God damn, now I'm a grown man, I follow no man
Nigga got my own plan

[Hook]
I am unstoppable
I know that you want me to fail
But no I won't
I'll keep fighting until the day I'm in a box
Until I sit in Heaven I will never stop
I will never stop

[Verse 2: 50 Cent]
I got a handgun habit, nigga front I'll let you have it
When the shots go off, cops sayin 50 back at it
I'm allergic to the feathers on these bird-ass niggas
Front and I'll put your brains on that curb fast nigga
I ain't a marksman, one spark and I spray shit
Nuff rounds from that H-K, I don't play bitch
Move like I'm militant, back on that gorilla shit
Moody, disrespectful, unruly, but niggas can't move me
I squeeze till I run out of ammo, if it's a problem it's handled
I have your people pourin' our liquor and lightin' candles
You fuck around I blow your brains on my New York Times
Run home, turn to the sports section and read your mind
It's crystal clear, you should feel when that gat bust
First there's crime scene tape, then you end up in that black hearse
We don't go to funerals, but we'll go to your wake fam
Do your body all banged up, (inaudible) you made a mistake man

[Hook]
I am unstoppable
I know that you want me to fail
But no I won't
I'll keep fighting until the day I'm in a box
Until I sit in Heaven I will never stop
I will never stop

[Interlude]

[Verse 3: Eminem]
There's a certain mystique when I speak, that you notice
Cause that's sort of unique cause you know it's me
My poetry's deep, and I'm Stillmatic, the way I flow to this beat
You can't sit still, it's like trying to smoke crack and go to sleep
I'm strapped, it's known any minute I could snap
I'm the equivalent of what would happen if Bush rapped
I bully these rappers so bad lyrically
It ain't even funny, I ain't even hungry, it ain't even money
You can't pay me enough for you to play me
It's cockamanie you just ain't zany enough to rock with Shady
My noodle is cock-a-doodle, my clock's coo-coo
I got screws loose, yea the whole kit and caboodle, I'm just brutal
It's no rumor, I'm numero uno, assume it
There's no humor in it no more, you know
I'm rolling with a swollen bowling ball in my bag
You need a fag to come and tear a new hole in my ass

[Hook]
I am unstoppable
I know that you want me to fail
But no I won't
I'll keep fighting until the day I'm in a box
Until I sit in Heaven I will never stop
I will never stop[Produced By: Johnny J & Trackmasters]

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Perhaps I was addicted to the dark side
Somewhere inside my childhood witnessed my heart die
And even though we both came from the same places
The money and the fame made us all change places
How could it be? Through the misery that came to pass
The hard times make a true friend afraid to ask
For currency, but you could run to me when you need
And I'll never leave, honestly
Someone to believe in, as you can see
It's a small thing to a true, what could I do?
Real homies help you get through
And come to knew he'd do the same thing if he could
‘Cause in the hood, true homies make you feel good
And half the times we be actin' up, call the cops
Bringin' a cease to the peace that was on my block
It never stops, when my mama ask me will I change
I tell her yeah, but it's clear I'll always be the same
Until the end of time

[Hook: R.L. Huggar]
So take these broken wings
I need your hands to come and heal me once again
(Until the end of time)
So I can fly away, until the end of time
Until the end of time, until the end of time

[Verse 2: 2Pac]
Please, Lord, forgive me for my life of sin
My hard stare seem to scare all my sister's kids
So you know, I don't hang around the house much
This all-night money makin' got me outta touch
Shit, ain't flashed a smile in a long while
An unexpected birth worst of the ghetto childs
My attitude got me walkin' solo
Ride out alone in my lo-lo
Watchin' the whole world move in slow-mo
For quiet times, disappear, listen to the ocean
Smokin' Ports, think my thoughts, then it's back to coastin'
Who can I trust in this cold world?
My phony homie had a baby by my old girl
But I ain't trippin', I'm a player, I ain't sweatin' him
I sexed his sister, had her mumble like a Mexican
His next of kin, no remorse, it was meant to happen
Besides rappin', the only thing I did good was scrappin'
Until the end of time

[Hook: R.L. Huggar]
So take these broken wings
I need your hands to come and heal me once again
(Until the end of time)
So I can fly away, until the end of time
Until the end of time, until the end of time

[Verse 3: 2Pac]
Now who's to say if I was right or wrong
To live my life as an outlaw all along?
Remain strong in this planet full of player haters
They conversate, but Death Row full of demonstrators
And in the end, drinkin' Hennessy
Made all my enemies envy me
So cold when I flow, eliminatin' easily
Falls to they knees, they plead for they right to breathe
While beggin' me to keep the peace (haha)
When I conceive closer to achieve
In times of danger, don't freeze, time to be a G
Follow my lead, I'll supply everything you need
An ounce of game and the training to make a G
Remember me as an outcast Outlaw
Another album out, that's what I'm about: more
Gettin' raw 'til the day I see my casket
Buried as a G while the whole world remembers me
Until the end of time

[Hook: R.L. Huggar]
So take these broken wings
I need your hands to come and heal me once again
(Until the end of time)
So I can fly away, until the end of time
Until the end of time, until the end of timePlease wake me when I'm free
I cannot bear captivity
where my culture I'm
told holds no significance
I'll wither and die in ignorance
But my inner eye can c a race
who reigned as kings in another place
the green of trees were rich and full
and every man spoke of beautiful
men and women together as equals
War was gone because all was peaceful
But now like a nightmare I wake 2 c
That I live like a prisoner of poverty
Please wake me when I'm free
I cannot bear captivity
4 I would rather be stricken blind
than 2 live without expression of mindEvery word
cuts 2 the heart
conversations R ended
be4 they start
is this what u want?
is this what I want?
is this what
must be?

This is not a game
This is a love
one should be played
The other cherished
I feel 2 hearts breaking...

is this what u want?
is this what I want?
is this what must be?Strength is overcome by weakness
Joy is overcome by Pain
The night is overcome by Brightness
and Love - it remains the same[Intro: 2Pac talking]
You motherfuckers kill me
Why yall niggas don't ever talk that shit when we be in the physical form?
Why yall niggas get all shy when we right there next to you at the premiere's and shit?
Hahaha
Yall niggas get alot of heart when you get in the studio, huh?
Get that can the man motherfucker wanna talk shit on the mic
Well do this for me, would you?
Next time you get the notion to talk some shit about an Outlaw nigga
Or a nigga from the west side the best side, call me
Call me nigga, reach out and touch a nigga, cause uh
If you don't do that and I hear one of you niggas sayin somethin on a record, ha
Expect me nigga like you expect Jesus to come back
Expect me nigga, I'm comin'

*Beat starts*

[2Pac]
Ah, from the pressure, yeah
You know how we do this Quik, Outlaws, untouchable
After the fire comes the rain, after the pleasure there's pain
Even though we broke for the moment we'll be balling again
Time to make y'all, my military be prepared for the busters similar to
Bitches to scary, get to near me we rush 'em
Visions of over packed prisons, millions of niggas thug living
Pressure's, three strikes I hope they don't test us
So pull the heat out, ammunition in crates (shh)
Move without a sound as we slide down pistols in place
I'm sensing niggas is defenseless I'm hitting fences then getting ghost
Who can prevent me shooting senseless at these nigga's throats?
Only wish to breed, I explode into a million seeds
Y'all remember me legendary live eternally
Bury me in pieces cause they fear reincarnation
Niggas screamin' peace cause they fear when my squad face 'em
Take 'em to places face to face then erase 'em, and break 'em
Murder motherfuckers that are waitin' to quicken the pace

[Hook: 2Pac]
Bitch made niggas and that bullshit you going through
Outlaws busting while we rushing
We untouchable
Fuck you niggas and that bullshit you going through
We Outlawz rushing you busting you
We untouchable
(Repeat 2x)

[Gravy]
Aiyyo we won't stop, I let the '44 pop
Tanqueray and Alize' make niggas get shot
I'm smokin on some kush baby, you know it's all Gravy
Calicos, AK's, nigga's yellin' mayday
Payday, soon as the red dots connect
Off that haze and that 'dro, that Cali sticky icky
Strictly 2-1-3, 8-1-8, 3-2-3
3-1-0, we Outlawz, baby

[Yaki Kadafi]
I'm surrounded by thugs, slugs with crystals and pistols, callin'
Copy murderers that be softer than tissues
Got my persona soldier dedicated to the fuckin drama
My foes retreat like pros when they post my pros
Mashin' like piranahs or a pack of pitts
Bodies get wasted, paper chasin', tryna stack a brick
Dear mama, I'm touched for lots of lethal clutch, clingin' for a life which ain't much
And a lust for these guns to bust
Ain't no trust for these herbs tryna wet ya, keep my burner on the dresser
Wake up bustin' in the mornin' from the pressure

[Hook: 2x]

[Hussein Fatal]
I never had a chance to be a buster, I was raised hard
With the only shed of tattooed tears out near the graveyard
I rep my Outlaws deeply
Done seen too many real players fall to let the industry cheat me
Only behind the scenes do they see me as 2Pac the don
And this bitch with 2 Glocks, I'm wrong
The homie still gon' roll and standin' with your biggest G
You still gon' fold, I can guarantee you a lost
The homie 'Pac told me "I can guarantee you a boss"
And it was in for a brief minute, far as my life
Since he disappeared, I still ain't found peace in it
But still strugglin like Mumia Abu, it was 'bout to end truly I knew
Named my daughter Assadah, for that alone, make 'em more than a rider
Got every homie trigger finger under the set
Dope but guaranteed now my 1 on 1 will connect

[Hook: 2x]

[2Pac]
Fuck you niggas and that bullshit you going through
Outlawz! We untouchable![Intro: 2Pac]
It’s 'Pac, Makaveli
I'm in the studio drunk than a motherfucka
Ready to freestyle this shit, and do it wild
Live, for all my dogs
Fo all my dogs out there raisin' hell
Just to see a young nigga raise the bail
Stepped out on the streets fresh from jail
All the police wanna rag and tell
Not knowin’ that I stacks my mail, uh
All these niggas wanna see me fail, uh
That’s just the intro
As I sit back and rock this instrumental, uh

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
After the fire comes the rain
After pleasure there’s pain
Even though we're broke for the moment
We'll be ballin’ again
Time to make your, my military be prepared for the bustas
Similar to bitches that's scary, get too near me then rush 'em
Visions of overpacked prisons
Millions of niggas thug livin’
Precious, three strikes, hope they don’t tell us
They pull a heater, ammunition in grace
Shh, move without a sound as we slide down pistols in place
They got me feenin’ for currency, the money be callin’ me
It’s like I’m dreamin’, seeing scenes of me ballin’
Sophisticated, and this fuckin’ misbehavior
Got the cocked 4-5, snatchin’ niggas' pagers
Labeled a mark, soon as we start, it was hard to quit
Started out drinkin’ 40s, moved to harder shit
Goddamn, now I’m a grown man
I follow no man, nigga, got my own plan
In my hand got the .45, I kick it live to survive
Make these niggas die, while gettin’ high, though we cry
When these thugs bomb, niggas’ll leave in their caskets
That’s what you get for being playa hatin’ bastards
Me and my clique so legit
We keep a 50 on us, niggas know
You can’t touch us
When they get to come against us
These niggas be defenseless, it’s senseless
Knockin’ niggas back on the fences
My whole clique be sick
And though we rip whole crews
Niggas knew we came through drinkin’ 22’s of brew
And though we drink Hennessys
We provide our enemies with mo’ shit
The art of war so legit
I read, my name out, Makaveli
With the Thug Life tatted on the bottom of my belly
Can these niggas understand this?
My whole family is sick and so scandalous
Let's me introduce my clique:
Castro, when he blasts y’all
Niggas run and hide
Napoleon will provide
The game
Let me explain why E.D.I
Provide shit, for the needy and take from the greedy
Kadafi, he not sloppy, and not a copy
He’s the only one, bring a gun, if you want it
Young Noble, bring the soul to the true
Let 'em know we come through in a bucket or BMW
We trouble you, the W for Westside
Niggas die when they try to infiltrate my crew
We never hide, we ride, and die, together
And when you see my clique we always ride forever
Me, my whole clique is sick, we smoke sinsimi'
Can you convince the G, that they could come against me?
You can see me on TV or live
Niggas die when they try to come against me
Never hide
In my own zone, in my own dome, in my mind I’m a don
Nigga knew it once I came armed, I
Splashed on niggas
Will I dash on niggas?
Once I mash these figures, I'll be badder, nigga
It’s me, Makaveli, A.K.A The Don of this whole clique
Niggas, you so sick
That’s my freestyle drunken flow
Just so you bitch ass niggas in the back row know
Whether it’s New York or Texas, ride through in a Lexus
Or BMW, I trouble you, throwin’ up forever this big ol’ W
Huhhuhhuhhuhu
My double R proves I’m a big rap star
Rockin’ the grooves, niggas where ya at, where ya are
Is the back, in the front, when ya bump this shit
I keep a gat inside my trunk legit
Always, though I’m on probation, I still rock the nation
Out on bail, though last year I was in jail
Raise hell, until I get my mail
Will I fail? Hell nah, nigga, bite my nails
I keep a manicure, though you panic
You’re still gon' die, when Pac get high
Smokin’ indo, I roll my window down
A smooth criminal, and though I pack this pound
3-5-7 or 4-5
Will I hide? Will I die? Will I ride?
Niggas never know why
My whole crew, a family clique
Are we sick? Are we live?
Though we struggle to survive
In this motherfuckin’ ‘95 turn to ‘96, ’96 turn to ‘97
I keep a 3-5-7, Mack 11
Back home I got a M-R
What did I say, a mini 14? Haha, my double R
Ride with my clue, ride with my crew
You don’t have a clue, nigga, when we’re comin’ for you
We hit the House of Blues, actin,’ like fools, my nigga Fatal
Put a gun inside his club, I keep this fucker prenatal
Had a banger inside his chest, nah nah
Banger inside his belly, nah nah nah
It was Makaveli that told him to bring that gat outside his belly
I say, "Yo, Fatal, what are you crazy?"
Niggas pissin’ outside in the front
Niggas sayin' "Goddamn, them niggas is funny as hell"
What you want? You want some funk?
Hell nah, them niggas don’t want no beef
That’s why we left that motherfucker in a Rolls, a limo, I mean
With bitches inside to meet
I was chillin’ in the back, drinking on some Hennessy
I just did a dope ass show, them niggas will always remember me
Came from Italy, bellisimo, was the call
Yeah, nigga, I got Versace, Armani
All them niggas wanna fuck with me, y’all know
I always represent my people to the fullest
Yeah, I'm that same motherfucker took 5...bullets
Count em, came out, rappin’ and stealin’
And makin’ 5 motherfuckin' records got sold, millions millions
Haha, platinum, I made 5 platinum shits, know what I’m sayin’
Niggas, can’t fuck with me, 2Pacalypse, not known for playin', huh
I took shots, and gave shots, fuck the cops
Will I stop, until my shit, reach the top? Hmm
Niggas out there wanna do me
Whether it's Mobb Deep, Bad Boy or The Fugees, hahahahaha
Y’all niggas’ll never stop me, never drop me, never make me fall
Me, 2Pacalypse, all I know how to do is BALL BALL BALL!
My crew, survive reincarnation after I’m dead
They'll rock and roll and bring the funk to the whole nation
And you know
Each one of these niggas have a gun wit' my name on it, you know
I spit the game so clear it's plain on it, you know, huh
When I’m dead, my niggas’ll ride for me, kill everybody
They each got a city to pick to make it our party[Intro]
This is Dedicated...(Dedicated) to my mama
Political prisoner, so called war on drugs (Dedicated)
Headed by this U.S. government... U my worst enemy (Dedicated)
I see you ...Uh, I'd ride for you (for pac dogg)
I'd roll for you, I'd die for you, it's all for you
(Dedicated)

[Hook]
The circle, can never, be broken, No-Ohoo
(I'd ride for you, I'd roll for you, I'd die for you, it's all for you)
The circle, can never, be broken, No-Ohoo
(You are ripping us apart)
(Dedicated to whaaaaat)
The circle, can never, be broken, No-Ohoo
(Shit's, dedicated to crack, I dedicate it to that)
(Dedicated to whaaaaat)
(Dedicated to whaaaaat)
The circle, can never, be broken, No-Ohoo
(Uh, Uh...before you came...Never...Never)
(Dedicated to whaaaaat)

[Talking: M-1]
Before you came, the triangle never broke
(the triangle never broke) Word Up
We were melded, and bonded as one (one), ONE (Dedicated)
But as the two pushed you away (But as the two pushed you away)
The one got weak and embraced you (One got weak and embraced you)
(I seen it)
And now You are ripping us apart (And now you are ripping us apart, Ripping us apart)
(Dedicated to whaaaaat)
(Dedicated to whaaaaat)
Dedicated
(Dedicated to whaaaaat)
(Dedicated to whaaaaat)
(Dedicated to whaaaaat)

[Talking: M-1]
The worst feeling, (The worst feeling of helplessness)
The greatest pain, has rested in my heart (Has rested in my heart)
The vision of heaven fades (The vision of heaven fades)
(Dedicated)
And the nightmare of loneliness has started (And the nightmare of loneliness has started) [You started it, I'mma finish it]
My hero has been defeated by you {My hero has been defeated by you}
And now what can I do {And now what can I do} [Whatchew want me to do]
Watch as you destroy us? {Watch as you destroy us} [Uh-huh, Uh]
And our love is finally through? {And our love is finally through} [No]

(sang, repeated over next verse until 2:38)
The circle, can never, be broken, NoOooo
[Dedicated to what, dedicated to crack]

{Echo}
I know the worst is here {I know the worst is here}
I feel it in my heart {I feel it in my heart}
U got in the circle {U got in the circle}
Now you're tearing Us apart!!! {Now you're tearin Us Apart!!}

(talking)
Dedicated to what (repeated over and over)
Dedicated to who
Dedicated to Pac
Opposite of crack, fight back
(Dedicated)
(Dedicated to whaaaat)(4x)
(Dedicated)
(Dedicated)[Verse 1]
They claim that I'm violent
Just cause I refuse to be silent
These hypocrites are havin' fits
’Cause I'm not buyin' it, defyin' it
Envious because I will rebel against
Any oppressor - and this is known as self defense
I show no mercy, they claim that I'm the lunatic
But when the shit gets thick, I'm the one you go and get
Don't look confused, the truth is so plain to see
’Cause I'm the nigga that you sell-outs are ashamed to be
In every jeep and every car, brothers stomp this
I'm Never Ignorant, Getting Goals Accomplished
The Underground Railroad on an uprise
This time the truth's gettin' told, heard enough lies
I told 'em fight back, attack on society
If this is violence, then violent's what I gotta be
If you investigate you'll find out where it's comin' from
Look through our history, America's the violent one
Unlock my brain, break the chains of your misery
This time the payback for evil shit you did to me
They call me militant, racist, cause I will resist
You wanna censor somethin', motherfucker censor this!
My words are weapons and I'm steppin' to the silent
Wakin' up the masses, but you, claim that I'm violent

[Chorus]
"They claimin' that I'm violent"
"Fuck the damn cop!"
"Just because we play what the people want"
"They claimin' that I'm violent"
"Fuck the damn cop!"
"Just because we play what the people want"
"They claimin' that I'm violent"
"Fuck the damn cop!"
"Just because we play what the people want"

[Verse 2]
The cops can't stand me, but they can't touch me
Call me a dope man, cause I rock dope beats
Jacked by the police, didn't have my ID
I said, "Excuse me, why you tryin' to rob me?"
He had the nerve to, say that I had a curfew
("Do you know what time it is?
Get out the fucking car, or I'll hurt you!")
Get out the car - or I'lI hurt you
So here I go, I better make my mind up
Pick my nine up or hit the line-up
I chose B, stepped into the streets
The first cop grabbed me, the other ripped my seat
They grabbed my homie and they threw him to the concrete
(Ay man... Aiyyo... Ay man, just c'mon?)
("What you doin man?")
They tried to frame me
They tried to say I had some dope in the back seat
But I'm a rap fiend, not a crack fiend
My homie panicked ("I'm out") he tried to run
(Freeze nigga!) I heard a bullet fire from the cop's gun
My homie dropped, so I hit the cop
I kept swingin', yo, I couldn't stop
Before I knew it, I was beatin' the cop senseless
The other cop dropped his gun, he was defenseless
(Argh, fuck you! Ungh!)
Now I'm against this cop who was racist
Givin' him a taste, of trading places
And all this, cause the peckerwood was tryin' this
Frame up, but I came up
Now they claimin' that I'm violent

[Chorus]
"They claimin' that I'm violent"
"Fuck the damn cop!"
"Just because we play what the people want"
"They claimin' that I'm violent"
"Fuck the damn cop!"
"Just because we play what the people want"
"They claimin' that I'm violent"
"Fuck the damn cop!"
"Just because we play what the people want"

[Verse 3]
As I was beatin' on a cop, I heard a gun click (uh-ohh)
Then the gun shot, but I wasn't hit
I turned around it was my homie with the gun in hand
He shot the cop (Damn!) now he's a dead man
I said, come on, it's time for us to get away
(Let's go, we gotta get the fuck outta here.)
They called for backup, and they'll be on their way
Jumped in the car and tried to get away quick
The car wouldn't start (Damn!) we in deep shit
So we jumped out (C'mon, let's take the cop's car)
We drove a little ways thinkin' that we got far
But I looked up and all I saw was blue lights
(that's a lotta of one time)
If I die tonight, I'm dying in a gunfight
I grabbed the AK, my homie took the 12 gauge
(yeah, it's on now)
Load 'em up quick, it's time for us to spray
We'll shoot 'em up with they own fuckin' weapons
And when we through sprayin' then we steppin'
This is a lesson, to the rednecks and crooked cops
You fuck with real niggas, get ya fuckin' ass dropped
So here we go, the police against us
Dark as dusk, waitin' for the guns to bust
(What's next man?) What's next, I don't know and I don't care
One thing fo' sho', tommorrow I won't be here
But if I go, I'm takin' all these punks with me
(Pass me a clip) Pass me a clip, G, now come and get me
You wanna sweat me, never get me to be silent
Givin' them a reason, to claim that I'm violent

[Chorus]
"They claimin' that I'm violent"
"Fuck the damn cop!"
"Just because we play what the people want"
"They claimin' that I'm violent"
"Fuck the damn cop!"
"Just because we play what the people want"
"They claimin' that I'm violent"
"Fuck the damn cop!"
"Just because we play what the people want"* Poems written by Shakur as ~ interpreted by other artists

[Babatunde Olatunji]
Please.. wake me when I am free
I cannot bear captivity
Where my country, I am told, "Hold no significance"
I waited and died in ignorance
But my inner eye can see, a race
Who reigned as king in another place
The green trees were rich and full
And every man spoke of beautiful men and women together as equals

War was gone because all was at peace
But now like a nightmare, I woke to see
That I live like a prisoner of poverty..

Please.. wake me when I am free
I cannot bear captivity
For, I would rather be stricken blind
Than to live without expression of mind

{*Babatunde Olatunki begins to speak in another language*}[Intro: 2Pac]
Niggas playing deadly motherfuckin' war games (deadly war games)
That nigga rappin' about my motherfuckin' life!
I'm talking to you, nigga (fake-ass motherfucker)
The fuck you talkin' about
Let's get it on now
He got shot and left the hospital the same day
Bring the noise
When? What month, motherfucker? (Y'all motherfuckers soft as jelly) What motherfuckin' month?
Bring the noise
How you talkin' about gattin' and shootin'
You ain't firm nigga, you soft
Where the fuck do these niggas live where all this shit be goin' down?
Soft ass nigga
Fuck your clique nigga
You want to know how I did this shit?
Bunch of skinny motherfuckers
You want to know how real my shit is?
Nigga, go read the motherfuckin' newspaper, you trick-ass nigga

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Heyyyyyyy, huh
How many broke-down rappers got some shit to say?
I sit and strategize, in due time, them bitches pay
Plus all day, I puff weed 'til my eyes bleed red
Undercover tactics, leave my enemies dead
Check this, I know you niggas got no love for me
But how the fuck your whole clique turn to thugs, homie?
Like misdemeanors, it's a small thang
You niggas ain't ready for war, let my balls hang
Bust it, I took apart your whole crew, lack heart, I ain't concerned
I bust at Bad Boy, Mobb Deep and murder The Firm
When you scream "Fake thugs," who the fuck you mean?
Get more cream than all of y'all, nigga, fuck your team
Now Dre want to switch sides, tricks hide in war
Last year, I'd shed tears, but I don't cry no more
Plus Jay-Z tried to play me, won't last long
Go ask King Sun how it feel to have your ass gone
Listen Doo-Wop, don't get your shit knocked, you can't win
Tell 'em all to let the games begin, we havin' war games

Yeah nigga, y'all niggas can't fade this shit
Got shot 5 times, got out of jail on bail
And sold 5 million
Sold more records then all you trick motherfuckers put together
More than the Firm, more than Bad Boy, more than Mobb Deep
More than all you bitch made niggas

[Verse 2: Napoleon]
Now won't you just, signal me
Before you try to take another one of my folks
Took they breath so they choke
And I know I did a lot of dirt
But grand said it wouldn't hurt
My death is comin', 'cause I feel it, smell it
When I work, did you see me
Comin' up I tried to take it easy
Plan at the wrong place, at the wrong time
I leave you with a broken mind
Ya whole block is fucked
Whole family is cryin', when the guns go bust
I went from Jersey to Cali, nigga
I seen it all, when niggas get they head busted
And didn't fall

[Verse 3: E.D.I. Amin]
Huh, yeah
I be that young nigga, EDI, Amin, huh
Rappers is fixin' to come up short
If y'all don't come clean
Check it, I'm at home watchin', shittin', sittin'
And I see some niggas on a T.V. line, what a pity
Ain't nothin' but a copy, of a copy
Reincarnation of an imitation, sloppy
Don't even know you got these white folks laughin' at cha
How the hell, you gonna base your lifestyle after a movie character
I'm dumpin' back at cha
Huh, fully loaded and you can quote it
Thug niggas casket is ridin' roll it

[Verse 4: Young Noble]
I'm hell-bound, One Nation
My destination is jail bound
Penetration to get ya niggas shot down, it's my town
Put your B'9s and Glocks down
Outlawz drop down
Shuttin' your whole spot down
We rock towns daily
Sippin' on the Baileys with thug passion
Mashin' with Mr. Makaveli, so tell me
Which one of y'all niggas want the war to be civilized?
Ill as Killa Keise and I be cockin' in your enterprise
Criminalize, thoughts
When I be thinkin' draw fast, haul ass
When you see a nigga reachin' for what, the heater
Back streets I know, critically in Italy
Like Bellissimo
But down in Mexico, policio try to track me
Transform my Jersey army to some Killa' Cali
Khaki so Kadafi back me

[Verse 5: Yaki Kadafi]
Ehhhhhhhh yoooooo
They wanna strangle me and trap me
Angle to angle, blast me (ride on these bitches)
So you niggas can't match me (hehe)
When it comes to the chips (that's right)
We flip and cock back like a fifth
(Eh yo, Kadafi keep a gat on these, while I do it)

[Verse 6: 2Pac]
After the fire comes the rain, after pleasure there's pain
Even though we broke for the moment, we'll be ballin' again
Time to make it yo; my military be prepared for them bustaz
Similar to, niggas that scary, get too near me we rushin'
Visions of over-packed prisons, visions and niggas thug livin'
Pressures, three strikes, I hope they don't test us
They pull the heater ammunition in crates, ssshhh
Move without a sound, as we slide down, pistols in place
They got me fiendin' for currency, the money be callin'
It's like I'm - dreamin', seeing scenes of me ballin'
Participated in felonious behavior
Cock the cocked fo'-five, snatchin' niggas pagers
Labelled a mark soon as we start, it was hard to quit
We started out drinkin' 40's, moved to harder shit
God damn now I'm a grown man, I follow no one
Nigga got my own plan, WATCH ME, uh

[Outro 2Pac and Yaki Kadafi]
Ehhhhhhhhhhhh yooooooooo
Ooooooo oooooo
Get that money nigga
Yo nigga come here come here nigga
Come on come on, whassup whassup
Eh yooooooo
Yo niggas down the block, yo yo
Ehhhh yoooooo
That nigga Mu ridin' in a hot car
Yo that nigga Mu got a stolen car
Yo, eh yo, Mu got a stolen car, oh shit
Eh Mu, that nigga bout too, eh yo
Watch out, that nigga rollin' in stolen
Hhahahehehehahahahaha
Jersey style nigga (that's right nigga)
That nigga Mu crazy as fuck
That nigga Mu, rollin' in stolen
Nigga doin' donuts in the middle of the street
K diggity watch out watch out
Eh, yo K, hahahahehehe look at the nigga
Look at that, K drinkin' a gallon of fuckin' Tanqueray
That nigga ain't no fuckin' joke (motherfucker)
Eh K, eh Malcolm watch out the police, nigga
Policia, watch out nigga, you rollin' weed right in front of the fuckin' police
Stupid nigga hahahahahahaha
Eh yo Yak, you got weed?
I don't know man, I had some
Who got the strap
I lost, I lost the herb running motherfucker
Where the strap at nigga?
I got the strap
Eh yo who dat? Eh yo who dat, who dat? Eh yo who dat?
Watch out, watch out, watch out, watch out
Yo, yo, yo, eh yo, eh yo, eh yo
Eh, yo why you let that nigga come through the block?
Nigga not supposed to be down there
Eh, Malc come here, come here
Fuck wrong wit y'all niggas, man (hehe)
Eh yo, get money
Yo the next one mine yo, next one mine
You got that, you got that
Moneyyyyyyyyyyy
Let me get down, let me get down, let me get down
Let me get down
I just came out here, nigga come on man
Hehe[Beats by DJ Creep]

[Intro]

You have now tuned in to your girlfriend's favorite DJ, DJ Creep
Subscribe to get the latest hot mixers

[2Pac]
Want to know how I did this shit, want to know how real my shit is, nigga go read the motherfucking newspaper you trick-ass nigga
I'm stuck in jail [x3]

[Verse 1]
Murderous mind state, can't keep my nine straight
Sipping on this Hennessey, waiting for the time to break
Show up and motherfuckers bow down, recognize
Westside, Death Row, Outlaw riders
Untouchable mob of pistol packers
Well known felons, labeled for drug selling, merciless jackers
Forever buzzed roll with thugs and dons
Commence to letting off rounds, then escape in the fog
Who wanna see me solo? Catch Makaveli while he sleeping
My mini-fourteen murdering niggas while they creeping
Duck or you ass out, drink till you pass out
Ain't scared to die, drunk driving in my glasshouse
Niggas is under me, they bitches come to me
They heard the stories nigga, now they want to really see
Bomb first my motto is fully guaranteed
Niggas is player haters, label them my enemies, I'm dumpin'

[Hook]

Untouchable riders, murdering niggas
(Eminem)You'll never stop me!)
Ha! Scared to die
(Eminem)You'll all get shot!)

[Verse 2: Biggie]

The country bud got me chokin'
I'm on a mission to the point that motherfuckers think I'm smokin'
Yeah that sick nigga Biggie wit the 8 shot fifth
Wit the extra clip for that extra shit
Don't you know that killing is thrilling
All the blood spilling, is all a part of drug dealing
A born gangster my daddy was a thug
Had a .38 with the hollow point slug
So when he licked shots
Niggas dropped quicker than a bootlegger sells his liquor
A little nigga tried to squeeze .22's in my Reebok shoes
Payin' dues, while kids was on their one's and two's for me
Now I'm much older, colder, fuck a holster
Got the Mac .11's swingin' from my shoulder
It's a damn shame I got to put my momma through the strain
I'm livin' in a house of pain

[Hook]

[Verse 3: 2Pac]
My niggas crooked though it seems
My every single thought is caught up in collecting cream
A made nigga; picture me dying in a blaze of gun fire
Will not retire til I'm paid, turn the base up higher
When we ride, we fly by, bitches blow me kisses
Niggas from Compton to Brooklyn come on get your riches
From Crenshaw to 125, and Do or Die
Rolling with niggas from Long Beach to Long Isl'
I hardly smile cause my heart froze
Once I; commence my show rip apart foes
And now I, got One Nation it's a crooked compilation
Just to end the bullshit, let's get back to money making
Tell them busters that I rolled on controlling the house
My shit is so wicked when I flip, niggas closing their mouth
The Cocoa Brovaz, Buckshot the BDI Thug
Greg Nice, L.S., Asu, so show a nigga love, Outlaw!

[Hook][Intro: Makaveli]
Let this be my motherfuckin' reply to that little bitch [?]
(Make sure you bring it 'Pac)
Around the way type shit
(Yo 'Pac do that shit Westside style)
All them little hidden words in your raps
All them mixtapes y'all droppin'
Make sure you bring it
Trying to get with me
Bring it live nigga worldwide feel it!
(Don’t forget to talk)

[Verse 1]
You heard it wrong nigga
Ain’t nothing sweet about my techniques
You checking for my breathless quotes I wrote deadly
My history so thoroughly involves destruction
Niggas left with their ass bleeding, lyrical fucking (wooahh)
Open up, first to bust, let me see your heart
Turn the lights down 'cause I might clown in the dark
When I check for the Heartz of Men what do we find?
Niggas watching for my pockets, planning plots on mine
Am I blind
Let my rhymes speak for me in history
A legend you define me
Don Makaveli bitch bow down to Death Row
Fuck what you say we untouchable
Now that we done shook Doc Dre
He ain’t made a beat in six years, swear he the shit
Won’t get no record sales sucking Nas' dick
Let me get my preach on, nigga drop the beat, I get my freak on
The wrong one for you to speak on
Motherfucker watch your mouth

[Hook]
Come on, come on
Live like this nigga
Come on, come on
Silly nigga
Watch ya mouth
Stick and move
Stick and move
Bring the muthafuckin' hands
Bring the heat
Bring the funk
Eh yo 'Pac swing on that trick nigga
Let's do it

[Verse 2]
Look I heard Nas got beef 'cause I’m dissing his clique
Cool (skinny nigga) come bring your ass nigga you can get dissed
I'm worldwide steady war rapping
Get your cash on nigga, five times platinum (how many you sold?)
What’s that
De-La got a problem with this hard shit
Ever since "Me myself and I" y'all been garbage
(you know I'm tellin' the truth)
I’ma keep it real, show you how it feels to ride
Y’all went three feet and stopped rising (I ain't seen shit)
Wendy Williams is a fat bitch, that’s the truth
I got a jar full of niggas nuts (slurp, slurp), that’s for you
Let the Westside-Eastside drama cease
I’ll come alone to your own streets, Outlaw
Prepare for panic when I unleash
Niggas is lucky if they leave here in one piece
(watch your muthafuckin')
Cream Puff never had no heart to start
So how the hell Biggie Smalls get the part
Watch your mouth

[Hook]
Don Makaveli
Stick and move
Stick and move
Killuminati style, nigga
Keep your muthafuckin' hands up
Killuminati style
Yea, we gonna do this for awhile
I got a lot of shit
You know how we do it
Killuminati
Let's do this nigga

[Verse 3]
What I bring to you is hardcore
The very essence of my poetry
Dyslexic so you backward ass niggas will know it's me
The only G to bleed for the shit I bring
And swing hard on motherfuckers that’s my thing
Vocally I’m pure so you O.D. trying to throw me
Don’t get your life took trying to run with your homies
Y’all know me, same nigga so quick to blast
On this worldwide mash trying to get some cash
Holla, my name and the game will follow
Wait and I’ll murder these snakes tomorrow
Bunch of washed up jealous-ass punks though
Quit bullshitting 'Pac, flip the funk mode
Makaveli rise, all you niggas die when I come
I’ll do some fly shit and be done
They say 'Pac ain’t got love for the Eastside
You's a lying motherfucker, nigga we ride
Watch your mouth

[Outro]
Love that shit! I love that thug shit!
I wrote this for my niggas on the East side
(I love that thug shit)
I wrote this for my niggas on the West side
(how I love that thug shit)
I wrote this for my niggas on the East side
(put your hands on it)
I wrote this for my niggas on the West side
(hands on ya heat)
All my niggas in the north run, run with me
(all the niggas in the streets)
All my niggas in the north run, run with me
(hands on ya heat)
For my niggas down south, now get with me
For my niggas down south, now get with me
For my niggas on the east side, east side
(fly, fly bitches, out there)
For my niggas on the west side, west side
(fly, fly bitches)
For my niggas up north of course
(fly, fly bitches)
For my niggas up north of course
(fly if you out there)
For my niggas down south no doubt
(if you out there)
For my niggas down south no doubt
(the bitches is bomb)
For my niggas on the east side, east side
(fly niggas, fly niggas)
For my niggas on the west side, west side
(fly niggas, getting by)
For my niggas up north of course
(fly bitches, fly bitches)
For my niggas up north of course
(fly and getting high)
For my niggas down south no doubt
For my niggas down south no doubt
Come on
My dream is to see real niggas and real bitches
Get to together and have real kids and have a real
Life and get real money
Come on, uh
My problem: Fake niggas always
Tryin' to interrupt the conversation
Come on, uh
The solution: Multiple guns, ammunition
Come on, yea
And game type mobsters
What you’ll find, always rough rugged and raw
Come on, yea
Outlaw. West side. Death Row. Thug life
Dre can’t fuck with this, uh
Yea, you know my trial
To live and die In L.A
To live in and die in L.A
They say Dre can’t fuck with this, heyyeyeyeyeye
Uh, Dre can’t fuck with this, heyeheye
Hahahahahahaa
Yea nigga, the prodigal son
Ya this might have been your muthafuckin' record label
When you was here, nigga
When you see where you at, and you see where the fuck I’m at, nigga
Westside. Death Row the Untouchable style, nigga
I took your shit, you bitch made nigga
You up out of this shit, nigga
You got erased nigga
You know the muthafuckin' history
M.O.B. nigga, mob style
We don’t like your trick ass
You up out of here, nigga
By murder, or by hardcore styles
It took hardcore styles for your ass to walk
You walkin' nigga
You don’t even come out no more
'Cause you know what time it is
Don’t even front muthafucka
You think by getting with my enemy
That will get you some love with my heart, nigga?
FUCK YOU[Dr. Dre]
This is dedicated to the niggas that was down from day one
Welcome to Death Row

[Chorus: Jewell]
People in the ghetto, don't you know it's Death Row... (Death Row)
People in the ghetto, don't you know it's Death Row... (Don't you know....)
People in the ghetto, don't you know it's Death Row... (Death Row)
People in the ghetto, don't you know it's Death Row...

[Verse 1: Danny Boy]
Now my people in the ghetto
I think it's about time, a new breed has arrived
So please get your groove on
And to all that's against us, we really ain't offensive
You ought to be sanctified
If you know what I know about the people stranded on Death Row
You might wanna ride

[Chorus: Jewell]
People in the ghetto, don't you know it's Death Row... (Rock on)
People in the ghetto, don't you know it's Death Row... (Brothers and sisters...)
People in the ghetto, don't you know it's Death Row... (People on Death Row) (Rock on)
People in the ghetto, don't you know it's Death Row... (Uhhh hooooee)

[Verse 2: 2Pac]
Don't never underestimate the power of brothers
Convicted fellons and gangbangers from outta the gutter
We saw our chance, so we crept slow
Me and Danny Boy stranded on Death Row, for real though
Money makin', allergic to playa haters and cowards fakin'
Tricks come and get their pictures taken (Death Row)
There ain't nuthin' left to say but brother pray
Try to keep ya head up and look for better days
On Death Row..

[Chorus: Jewell]
People in the ghetto, don't you know it's Death Row... (That's right... y'all know what time it is..hehehe)
People in the ghetto, don't you know it's Death Row... (yeah, yeah... this one's for the og's, all the hardheads, the knuckleheads,)
People in the ghetto, don't you know it's Death Row... (the squares, the g's, the gangsters, the thugs)
People in the ghetto, don't you know it's Death Row... (the ones that wants to go to church, the ones that wants to go to jail, you know what time it is)

[Interlude: 2Pac]
Just throw ya hands up and feel good with this one right here
This' your boy 'Pac, spittin' out for my homeboy Danny Boy
Let y'all know what time is it here on Death Row
We stranded but we lovin', can't understand it
Y'all need to peep how we rollin'
It ain't nothing wrong, can you see it, baby?
Can you picture me rollin' on this old Death Row track?
Can you see it? haha...
On Death Row
Ayo Danny Boy, you know you're finna go platinum and plus boy
You better keep hittin' em with that smoking heat, hehehe
I see you on tour big baby
You know what room I'm in man
I'm out

[Danny Boy]
Danny Row is in the air
Yeahaeaheaeah-Yeah

[Chorus: Jewell]
People in the ghetto, don't you know it's Death Row... (That's my homie Troy, youknowI'msayin'?)
People in the ghetto, don't you know it's Death Row... (Rouchelle)
People in the ghetto, don't you know it's Death Row... (Stacey)
People in the ghetto, don't you know it's Death Row... (We just wanna tell you a little bit about Death Row)

[Outro: Danny Boy]
Big Suge
Good luck and out
Dre
My boy 'Pac
Good lookin' baby on that track, youknowI'msayin' we do this man
To the Dogg Pound, Snoop
Michel'le, Sam Sneed
And to my father above
God
I'm thankful for everything
Anything that you givin' me
And to all of my inmates
(People in the ghetto, don't you know it's Death Row...)
We're looked down right here, right here on Death Row, that's where we at, and like Dre said..
(People in the ghetto, don't you know it's Death Row...)
I know your bobbin' your head, hehe
(People in the ghetto, don't you know it's Death Row...)
C'mon now... People in the ghetto
(People in the ghetto, don't you know it's Death Row...)
To the engineer Dave, what's up? Keep it goin'
(People in the ghetto, don't you know it's Death Row...)
Reg you know you helped me......[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Now see so many motherfuckers wanna take a piece
Comin' equipped with some shit that niggas just can't believe
I pull a trick from my sleeve now kamikaze
I'm all over that nigga, come identify the body
My middle finger to you ho niggas
Run up on me and I'll be forced to let it go nigga
I ain't the one you wanna try, why? Stayin' high
I hit this blunt and watch these motherfuckers die
Whose runnin these streets I said that cocaine
Cause in the dope game, niggas'll die 'fore they go broke mayne
Another hustler makin' major cash
'til the punk police come an raid ya ass
Now you stressed doin' fed time
And its a bitch cause the judge gave you 8 years
You doin 6 and we know that you can't hang
You a trick rolled over turned snitch like a bitch

[Chorus]
You can find me in the club, bottle full of bub'
Look, mami, I got the X if you into takin' drugs
I'm into havin' sex, I ain't into makin' love
So come give me a hug if you're into gettin' rubbed
You can find me in the club, bottle full of bub'
Look, mami, I got the X if you into takin' drugs
I'm into havin' sex, I ain't into makin' love
So come give me a hug if you're into gettin' rubbed

[Verse 2: 2Pac]
They got a nigga in the dice game
I'm feelin' lucky but the nigga just a little bigger
He tryin fuck me out my cash, I'ma blast nigga
He don't know I gotta tell ya like the last nigga
Gotta go don't need to roll for the truck, I get 'em up
Left to right, my uppercut'll hit 'em up
I'm known to walk the streets on any block
I love my niggas, but I ain't puttin down my Glock
The gun shots rang when I lose nigga, and ooh nigga
I'ma show you not to ever play a true nigga (haha)
Lay it down just to prove it
And fuck the rappin motherfucker we can do this

[Chorus]
You can find me in the club, bottle full of bub'
Look, mami, I got the X if you into takin' drugs
I'm into havin' sex, I ain't into makin' love
So come give me a hug if you're into gettin' rubbed
You can find me in the club, bottle full of bub'
Look, mami, I got the X if you into takin' drugs
I'm into havin' sex, I ain't into makin' love
So come give me a hug if you're into gettin' rubbed

[Verse 3" Method Man]
Y'all know me since '93, now let that weed burn
Back in this bitch, class dismissed, it's the return
Of the super sperm, game over, lose a turn
Takes a germ to kill a germ, when will y'all killas learn
Yo, back when chef mami used to sell plates, we used to sell base
I learned to wipe my nose and wipe the prints off the shell case
Don't want no jail case, freedom miles standing at hell's gate
It's hot, and the devil's my cell mate
The game's addictive, I can't stop, it's like I'm chasing that first high
Like Betty Crocker baking that first pie
The beef we serving is stir fried, swerving all through your urban
Hurting, every gate and corner, you working, I'm
The bottom line, the school of hard knocks turn into Columbine
And my set is throwing up dollar signs
Some get gwop, some get pop, me?
I got a ziplock of bubble gum, just for selling Chris Rock
What part of the game is this?
I came to break bread, evidently y'all killas came to bitch, nigga
So, who you with, nigga, don't even trip, nigga
Some say they pull trigga, I think they bullshitter

[Chorus]
You can find me in the club, bottle full of bub'
Look, mami, I got the X if you into takin' drugs
I'm into havin' sex, I ain't into makin' love
So come give me a hug if you're into gettin' rubbed
You can find me in the club, bottle full of bub'
Look, mami, I got the X if you into takin' drugs
I'm into havin' sex, I ain't into makin' love
So come give me a hug if you're into gettin' rubbed

[Bridge]
Go, go, go, go, go Charlotte it's your birthday
We gon' party like it's your birthday
We gon' sip Bacardi like it's

[Verse 4: Ice Cube]
It's the Don Daddy with the Villain, who you killing
Oh we hate them, come verbatim with this cap peeling
Top billin, make a million
Paparazzi, chase us through the tunnel in the Maserati
Now they got me on Hard Copy didn't have to shoot Versace
Yet you still wanna watch me
Motherfuckers wait they whole fuckin life and aday
Hopin' that we can reunite N.W.A
All purpose, try to serve us, gettin' nervous, more murders
Shit can just turn into the circus
Standin over the carcass
You look like the kind of nigga that'd press charges
We the largest, we the biggest, we the Niggas, With the Attitudes
We longitude, you latitude, have some gratitude
To the niggas that started this shit
Been around forever bitch, we smart at this shit

[Chorus]
You can find me in the club, bottle full of bub'
Look, mami, I got the X if you into takin' drugs
I'm into havin' sex, I ain't into makin' love
So come give me a hug if you're into gettin' rubbed
You can find me in the club, bottle full of bub'
Look, mami, I got the X if you into takin' drugs
I'm into havin' sex, I ain't into makin' love
So come give me a hug if you're into gettin' rubbedAll of my life I dreamed of meeting one
with immense beauty, and once I found her
I would charm her and she'd be mine
forever.

I have found her and indeed she is all
I wished for and more but she is
not charmed nor intrigued. Then I
think 2 myself "What can I offer her?"
The tears warm my eyes and blur my
vision. I stick 2 my stance of bravado
and give her the same uninterested look
she gave me. She was so beautiful
But what can I offer herHell yeah (2Pac yawning)
Hahaha

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
And uh, I started out dumb, sprung off a hood-rats
Listenin' to the radio, wishin' that I could rap
But nothing changed, I was stuck in the game
'Cause everybody in the industry was fuckin' me, mayne
Listen, I got a scheme, break away, do my own thang
Drop some conversation, sit back and let the phone ring
Niggas ain't wanna see me rise
97 watch me cut these motherfuckers down to size
And if I catch another case, Lord knows how they hate me
Got a player in the court room, please don't let 'em frame me
I've been dealt a lot of bad cards livin' as a thug
Count my blessings and throw my stressings in this land with no love
Maybe they seen me rollin', look at all this green I'm holdin'
I get this why they envious and get they eyes swollen
Hopin' the heavenly father love a hustler
Meet the hardest nigga on the Earth to ever bust a nut
My homies tell me, "Have a heart" — fuck they feelings
I've been tryin' to make a million since we started, we cold hearted
Niggas in masks that'll blast at the task force
Empty out my clip, time to mash, they asked for it
Me, Makaveli, I'm a motherfucker
We break bread, now we thug brothers, haha
Niggas talk a lot of non-shit I choose to ignore it
A war? They ain't ready for it haha

[Hook: 2Pac & Young Noble]
Now whatcha gonna do, when my niggas come for you
What y'all gonna do?
Now whatcha gonna do, when my niggas come for you
What y'all gonna do?
Tell me now whatcha gonna do, when my niggas come for you
What y'all gonna do?
Now whatcha gonna do, when my niggas come for you
What y'all gonna do?

[Verse 2: Kastro & Young Noble]
My nine is Thug lord, my mind on my grind
Outlawz is my heart, they shine when I shine
My rhyme is my grind, my team be on role
Proceed with the onslaught, indeed they all talk
They all marks and it's an Outlaw holocaust
When I got the sawed-off, niggas gettin' hauled off
Yeah, nigga beware, stand clear
This nigga's scared, man, I don't really care
I've been lost love, my heart need a hug
My bite need blood, I fight with a grudge
The life of a thug nigga might need gloves
But you'll never know with a price on your mug
Them fight strips snug right around your hands
Makin' sure you can never grab the mic again
Dog, you fuckin' with a grown man
Can't I can't afford to lose
Where we from niggas torture dudes
So whatcha wan' do?

[Hook: 2Pac & Young Noble]
Now whatcha gonna do, when my niggas come for you
What y'all gonna do?
Tell me now whatcha gonna do, when my niggas come for you
What y'all gonna do?
Tell me now whatcha gonna do, when my niggas come for you
What y'all gonna do?
Now whatcha gonna do, when my niggas come for you

[Verse 3: 2Pac]
Haha, watch me clown, give me lovin' when I'm high
I'm a outlaw baby, I'll be thuggin' 'til I die
In my drop-top, double-R, life as a rap star
Hustle like a crack fiend 'til they catch me
Go ask somebody to your show
Watchin niggas out of sight, in my night scope
Cookin' white dope, got my nigga 25-to-life stressed out
Tryin' to have all the better things in life
While Makaveli — a born leader, 10 millimeter
Change a nigga's future like a schizophrenic palm reader
Heed, from out the Bible I read
See the meek shall inherit the Earth and the strong will lead
Hittin' weed like it's alright
I'm in the studio makin' music all night
My enemies cry whenever I rise, they hated 'til the death
Tryin' to beat me out my last breath
Whatcha gonna do?

[Hook: 2Pac & Young Noble]
Now whatcha gonna do, when my niggas come for you (now nigga now)
What y'all gonna do?
Now whatcha gonna do, when my niggas come for you (throw you hands up)
What y'all gonna do?
Now whatcha gonna do, when my niggas come for you (would you wanna fuck?)
What y'all gonna do?
Now whatcha gonna do, when my niggas come for you (bust 'em, when my niggas come for you)
Now whatcha gonna do, when my niggas come for you (come for you)
What y'all gonna do?
Now whatcha gonna do, when my niggas come for you
What y'all gonna do?[Intro: 2Pac]
Mouse Man and The Wycked!
Yo, check this out
I need a verse from each of y'all and I'mma do a verse

[Chorus: sample]
So what really goes on
So what really goes on
So what really goes on

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Mama raised me crazy
Critics should've killed me as a baby
Cause now I'm 21, you can't fade me
Yeah, I'm gettin' major paid, check my pager
Poppin' mo' game than a Sega
Sharp as a razor
Rollin' Cherokee and not a Blazer
Fuck the 5-0, watch for lasers
Infrared beam boomin' at ya dome cause it's on
One shot from the Glock and he's gone
Tell me: what goes on in the city?
That's colder than a dope fiend's titty
Testin' 1, 2 , testin' 1, 2
Get a grip, bitch, come and get a whiff of this ol' slick shit
You think ya movin', but ya dreamin'
Nigga, "Oaktown, Oaktown" is what they screamin'
Uh, I'm doin' flicks, gettin' rich, fuck the Grammys
Hand on my jammy, word to granny
What goes on

[Chorus: sample]
So what really goes on
So what really goes on
So what really goes on

[Verse 2: The Wycked]
I gotta ask y'all a question:
What's the point of a nigga steppin' to the front
If ya plan is on 'fessing?
And I guess that some niggas don't know
Frontin' like a bitch have ya size double-cut low
I know a bro who stuck like Chuck in the middle of some shit
Always over grip
Scratchin' and make a nigga kill his momma
Pimp his son, step to his boy with a gun and a stun
Need to think that I could be a goner
Victim of an old school OC from the corner
I remember the days you used to meet me by the school
Playin' flies up
But, now, my niggas beggin' wit' a cup
So, when I got paid, I hit 'em off well
My old school G will lie for me or go to jail
But when it came time to show a true color
He was ghost and I was lyin' in the gutter
Ayo, now what's goin' on

[Chorus: sample]
So what really goes on
So what really goes on
So what really goes on
So what really goes on

[Verse 3: Mouse Man]
The funk is on, all day and all night long, poppin' cops
'Til they drop, sideways to the next spot
Got my UZ hang, extra clip
In case some punk bitch wanna rip, he can get some of this
I duck and dodge longer than fifty niggas deeps in Jeeps
Smokin' marijuana, rather die than be dishonored
Bustin' left at the precinct and leach down low
Peelin' caps, so they know who's in control
I'm gonna see 'em on the door
Ra-ta-tat-ta-tat goes my TEC-9
Can't barely miss with dip, it's payin' back time
Harder for every jail than some police and these hypocrites
Equipped to kick a nigga's ass, hit the drop, move a hat quick
Shoot a cop for every blow, wish Rodney had a fo-fo
Smokin' cops like indo
So, then, maybe their friends know
Straight outta Oakland, pruck 'em, smoke 'em, make no tuck wit' 'em
Jackin' 'til the break of dawn
That's what really goes on

[Chorus + Outro: sample and back-voicing]
So what really goes on (what's goin' on)
So what really goes on
So what really goes on (what's goin' on)
So what really goes on
So what really goes on (what's goin' on)
So what really goes on
So what really goes on (what's goin' on)
So what really goes on
Dope fiends titty (tell me)
What goes on in the city?
That's colder than a dope fiend's titty, tell me
What goes on in the city?
That's colder than a dope fiend's titty, tell me
What goes on in the city?
That's colder than a dope fiend's titty, tell me
What goes on in the city?
That's colder than a dope fiend's titty, tell me
What goes on in the city?
That's colder than dope fiend's titty, tell me
What goes on in the city?
That's colder than dope fiend's titty, tell me
What goes on in the city?
Colder than a dope fiend's titty
Can you tell me?With my eyes closed I can c
we have a chance 2 discover ecstasy
but the clouds of doubt have made u blind
but the clouds of doubt have made u blind
so u R afraid of the emotions that u may find
I know that u've been hurt before
but this is no excuse 4 u 2 ignore
the seed that cupid planted, in hopes that we would sow
This infant emotion deserves 2 breathe so why won't u let it grow
A neglected flower will wither and on its own it will surely die
But with honesty, passion, and mutual respect we can Soar Beyond The Sky
So please don't follow what u c follow the rhythm within your heart
Believe in me though u cannot c what lies within the DarkI know not what I search 4
But I know I have yet 2 find it,
Because it is invisible 2 the eye
My heart must search 4 it blinded.

And if by chance I find it,
Will I know my mission is achieved?
Can one come 2 conclusions,
Before the question is conceived?

Just as no one knows
what lies beyond the shore,
I will never find the answer 2
what it is that I search 4Alright, alright {*people applauding*}

[Tre']
I know my heart has lied before
But now it speaks, with honesty
Of an invisible bond of friendship, that was formed, in secrecy
Coming from me this may seem hard but, but to God I swear - it's truth
We are friends for eternity and for-ever I will always love.. you..

[Sung]
What of a love unspoken?
Is it weaker without a name?
Does love exist without a title
Because I do not share it's name?

[Tre']
All my life I've dreamed of
Of meeting one with immense beauty and
And once I found her I would charm her and
And she'd be mine forever (mine forever)
I found her and, indeed she is all that I, wished for and more but she
Is not charmed nor intrigued (not charmed, nor intrigued)
Then I think to myself what.. can I offer her
The tears warm my eyes and blur my, vision I
Stick to my stance of bravado and give her
The same uninterested look that she, gave, me
(She was so beautiful) She was so beautiful
But what.. can I offer her?

You say that you'll love me forever but
But what about today?
As the dusks become the dawns and the years pass on will you
Love me (love me) the same way (the same way)?
If so let us rejoice and bathe in this constant pleasure
If not spare my heart today and I shall recover before, forever
And if my doubts and questions upset you
(forgive my fragile heart) forgive my fragile heart
I just wanted to know if you'd love me forever before today
Would start (would you love me.. would you love me..)

[Sung]
What of a love unspoken?
What of a love unspoken?

{*applause and shouting*}[Intro: Money B, and 2Pac]
Yeah, its another classic cassette, Goin Way Back Show, exclusive you know what it is
What you won't do... do for Love...
Hey yo let me rock this, let me rock this, let me rock this, check it out, check it out
Let me tell you a story about my homie and his girl, you know what I'm sayin'
Some Love triangle type shit, we goin' rock this shit right here
So dope beat to you know what I'm sayin'
We about to run through this
So yo check it out
Smooth you drop the vocals, and I'll smoke his ass

[Verse 1]
I lay awake tonight because I want to be with you
If you were beside me I'd playfully kiss you
Each time I see her, the feeling gets stronger
We sit a bit closer and stare a lot longer, huh
Reach for my drink and for a second we touch
Went to mutter I stuttered cause I want you that much
The situation is a no win
Cause he's my best friend
But now I'm guilty, I'm fallin' for his girlfriend
It's like a trap that I'm sinkin' in to
I wake up sweaty when I'm sleepin' cause I'm thinkin' of you
Then we make eye contact and I can't hold back
Tryin' to shake it but the feelin' comes right back
Now I'm confused, cause I'm no Casanova
But you keep callin' me sayin' to come over
What do I do, you make it hard for me to cheat
What I won't do for Love

[Ad-lib]
Yeah yeah yeah
What you won't do
Ah yeah
2Pac in the house

[Verse 2]
Scars, tears on your pillow and you still stay
As you sit, and pray hopin' the beatings will go away
It wasn't always a hit, and run relationship
It used to be Love happiness, and companionship
Way back when he treated you good
Moved you up to the hills out the ill's of the ghetto hood
You felt as though you owed him your life
It felt right so you said yes now your really his wife
He got you pregnant but the baby just wouldn't live
Something she couldn't give so things got negative
But that's when a stranger came through
And he's pesterin' you about the things you couldn't do
You say your happy at home, right?
But that's just a lie, as you cry through a long night
Until I came to rescue you, makin' you chose
What you won't do for Love

[Outro]
And you don't stop, and you don't stop, in the house, what you won't do for Love
And you don't stop, and you don't stop, what you won't do
Yo Smooth, kick and laugh while we givin' shout outs to my homes' you know what I'm sayin' noow
Shock-G is in the house, yeah
Schmoovy-Schmoov is in the house, yeah
Kush is in the house, yeah
Ryan-G is in the house, yeah
Clark Gable in the house, yeah
Rick Rocks in the house, yeah
Fuze is in the house
And Money-B, you know he's in the house
Pee Wee is in the house
The Underground, is in the house
And the Jaketown is in the house, yeah, in the house
Oaktown, is in the house, Richtown, is in the house, yeah

What you won't do

What you won't do

Do for Love[Intro: 2Pac]
Tell me what the fuck am I suppose to do
Now what's next?
Tell me what the fuck am I suppose to do
Now what's next?

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Caught up in the middle
My life's a riddle
Don't let it get ya
I wanna be legal
But it's this hustle that get me richer
One love to my peoples makin' money
I can see you bubblin'
Avoid all trouble
Beware of devils, continue strugglin'
Nothin's impossible if there's a will there's a way
So get your mind on official business
You can be great
And it's been this way from the cradle to the grave
So get paid
My niggas do this every fuckin' day
We parlay through politics and conversation
This information to my thug niggas in the congregation
Watch and bare witness to the pleasures of participation
Separation is self destruction
What's needed is unification
'Cause the world ain't hardly scared
If not prepared
Be sure to be bummy and be no longer there
But no one cares it's there to share
All we get is stares
Because of fear, we'll evaporate
Say your prayers
And what's next?

[Chorus: 2Pac & A3]
Hard livin' got me goin' insane
But I'm addicted to the hustle I'm trapped in the game
What's next?
I'm goin' crazy
Tell me tell me what the fuck am I suppose to do?
What's next?
Hard livin' got me goin' insane
But I'm addicted to the hustle I'm trapped in the game
What's next?
I'm goin' crazy
Tell me tell me what the fuck am I suppose to do?

[Verse 2: A3]
(Aye its on A3)
Makaveli tried to warn us
But niggas ain't listen to Pac
Naw (listen listen) nigga really listen to Pac
Shit yean got it yet (no)
Then you won't get it
Might as well measure 'em up
And have his ass fitted
Why
Caught slippin' dog trippin' didn't soak game
Got his wig split like dem shutters on the airplane
Never will change niggas wit' no name no shame
Might open ya head foe mess broke change
I stay posted like a flag (flag)
Starin' thru my rear view ballin' in a jag (jag)
Bounce wit me Cali body rock down in H-Town
We gon' put these artificial bustas in they place now
Time foe a change
Real niggas rollin' wit' me
Money makin' swift decision we controllin' the streets
Side track by the broads and the frauds
Ain't it strange
It's the reason so many niggas get scarred in the game
What's next?

[Chorus: 2Pac & A3]
Hard livin' got me goin' insane
But I'm addicted to the hustle I'm trapped in the game
What's next?
I'm goin' crazy
Tell me tell me what the fuck am I suppose to do?
What's next?
Hard livin' got me goin' insane
But I'm addicted to the hustle I'm trapped in the game
What's next?
I'm goin' crazy
Tell me tell me what the fuck am I suppose to do?

[Verse 3: Jay Rock]
That money gotta make it
What I gotta do to make it?
Do I really gotta take it?
Put this mack up to you, face it
Doin' what we gotta do to survive
Just ask Kweli, doin' what we do to get by
Some niggas stick to the crime
Pitchin' nickel and dimes
What the fuck we s'pose to do, who gon' give us a job?
So I tried and tried
Tried to get out the grind
But the block kept on callin' me back
Fiends kept on callin' for crack
So I supply 'em wit' that
Gave 'em a reasonable fee
Nigga don't blame it on me
Shit just look where I'm at
Niggas in gardens, LAPD is the target
Niggas is heartless, hustle regardless
Look that dope spot use to be an apartment
But now it's just a place to hide the guns in the closet
Watch ya step shift the grams under the carpet
We just tryin' hard not to see that coffin
What's next?

[Chorus: 2Pac & A3]
Hard livin' got me goin' insane
But I'm addicted to the hustle I'm trapped in the game
What's next?
I'm goin' crazy
Tell me tell me what the fuck am I suppose to do?
What's next?
Hard livin' got me goin' insane
But I'm addicted to the hustle I'm trapped in the game
What's next?
I'm goin' crazy
Tell me tell me what the fuck am I suppose to do?

[Outro: 2Pac]
Tell me what the fuck am I suppose to do?
Tell me tell me what the fuck am I suppose to do?
Now what's next?[Intro: 2Pac]
What's your phone number?

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Now, I could make miracles to tempos
It's instrumental, waitin' for the nymphos: that's the intro
Shook when you rush me, walked up and touched me
Why? Do you wanna fuck me?
Just ‘cause I'm paid in the worst way? True
Lookin' kinda good in your birthday suit
I wonder if you're wild and you act shy
Do you like to be on top or the back side?
Watch me while you lick your lips
Shake your hips, goddamn, I love that shit
Yo, let's stop fakin', be real now
I got a room and a hard-on – still down?
Met you standin' at a bar full of black dudes
Said you wanna see my scars and my tattoos
When we head for my hideout, act right
Boss player when I ride out, that's right
What's ya phone number?

[Chorus: 2Pac & Danny Boy]
If you really wanna fuck with me, I'm ready
Baby, let me give you a call
How long will it take to break you off?
If you really wanna fuck with me, I'm ready
Baby, let me give you a call
How long will it take to break you off?

[Verse 2]
Oh, shit, baby is a dime piece, more than just fine
She's personally blessed from the gods
If I seen her right now, she could get me hard
Didn't wanna talk to me just to see my car
Never had sex with a rich rap star
'Til I got her in the back of my homeboy's car
Tell me, why do we live this way?
Money over bitches, let me hear you say
What's your phone number? Are you alone?
Got a pocket full of rubbers, let's bone
Time for your girlfriend to take you home
I had fun, but baby, gotta leave me alone
Picture in my rhyme, take time to rewind these words I say
If you open your mind, bet in a minute you'll find
It's time, let the Outlawz play
What's ya phone number?

[Chorus: 2Pac & Danny Boy]
If you really wanna fuck with me, I'm ready
(What's ya phone number?)
Baby, let me give you a call
How long will it take to break you off?
(What's ya phone number?)
If you really wanna fuck with me, I'm ready
(What's ya phone number?)
Baby, let me give you a call
How long will it take to break you off?

[Skit: 2Pac & Girl]
Hello?
Hello? Who is this?
Is this 2Pac?
This is who?
Is this 2Pac?
Yeah, it's 2Pac, who dis?
Hi, baby, how are you?
I'm aight. What's up, baby?
You don't recognize the voice?
You recognize my voice, huh?
Do you recognize my voice?
Nah, I know you?
Yeah, you know me
I guess you don't recognize me when I'm talking
Where I know you from? Where I know you from?
You just know me, baby
Where? Talk up, I can't barely hear you
You know me from when we were, you know, intimate
Oh, we... oh, we fucked?
Oh, baby, did we ever
Oh, tell me about it, baby
I remember when I put that big dick in my hand
And stroked it up and down
Ooooh!
Then I put it in my mouth
You did?
I sucked it
Ooh, you did?
Ooh, I did
Shit!
Sucked it and fucked it; put me in, you came
Did I come?
Ooh, baby; everywhere, everywhere
You don't remember me yet?
I'm starting to get a picture, why don't you help me out?
What did I do to the pussy, baby? What a nigga do to the pussy?
You rocked it
Did I?
Yeah, you did
Did I give you some of that Thug Passion?
Mmmm...
Hehehe... ayy, so what you doing right now, though?
Me and my finger are gettin' acquainted
How many you got?
I got ten, but only one is workin'
Ah, well, can I come over there?
If you want to
Do I want to?
Do a bear shit in the woods and wipe his ass with a rabbit?
Mmmm, you gonna rock it, baby?
Hell yeah, I'm gonna rock it, baby
Like you did before?
No dizoubt. You gonna feel that Thug Passion for real
Mmmm, baby
I'm on my way though; I'm about to fly over there in a 500
It ain't gonna take but a minute
Hey, light the candles
Get the baby oil out and turn all the lights out
Drink a little bit of that shit
I'm on my way, baby, I'm gonna knock that pussy into next week
Knock it out, baby, knock it out
I'm finna knock the taste out your mouth, girl
I'm gonna put your legs on your head
I'ma tie you up, blindfold you
And we gon' play which hole feel the best, hahaha
You know which hole feel the best
Yeah, we finna see tonight, though
I'm gonna make you remember me
Oh, yeah?
Yeah
Oh yeah, you got my dick hard
I mean, I can't, I can't find the steering shift
You got me so fucked up; I'm playing with myself and shit
Baby, can I shift your gear?
Yeah, you can shift all that shit baby, for real
Can I shift it from the back?
Hahaha, do a bear shit in the woods
And wipe his ass with a fucking white rabbit?
Can I shift it in the front?
Hell yeah... ayy, you know what I wanna do though?
What you wanna do?
I wanna fuck you on the balcony
While you lookin' out over LA, ya know what I mean?
Just poundin' that shit from the back
'Cause a motherfucker hop that shit
Like I got hydraulics fixed in me, you feel me?
I be hittin' switches, baby
Ooh, I feel you, yes
Hehehe... hey, I'm finna come over there
Just wait for me, sweetheart, I'm on my way right now
I'll see you later, baby, bye
Bye, boo
Haha, yeah, I'm finna get some pussy, nigga
Heh, get some pussy, hahahaha
What's ya phone number?What'z Ya Phone #
2Pac
The greatest ode to phone sex ever written read more »
[Intro]
What's your phone number?

[Verse 1]
Now, I could make miracles to tempos
It's instrumental, waiting for the nymphos; that's the intro
Shook when you rush me, walked up and touched me
Why? Do you want to fuck me?
Just ‘cause I'm paid in the worst way? True!
Lookin' kinda good in your birthday suit
I wonder if you're wild and you act shy
Do you like to be on top or the back side?
Watch me while you lick your lips
Shake your hips, goddamn, I love that shit
Yo, let's stop fakin', be real now
I got a room and a hard-on; still down?
Met you standing at a bar full of black dudes
Said you wanna see my scars and my tattoos
When we head for my hideout, act right
Boss player when I ride out, that's right
What's ya phone number?

[Hook]
If you really wanna fuck with me, I'm ready
Baby, let me give you a call
How long will it take to break you off?

If you really wanna fuck with me, I'm ready
Baby, let me give you a call
How long will it take to break you off?

[Verse 2]
Oh shit, baby is a dime piece, more than just fine
She's personally blessed from the gods
If I seen her right now, she could get me hard
Didn't want to talk to me 'til she see my car
Never had sex with a rich rap star
'Til I got her in the back of my homeboy's car
Tell me, why do we live this way?
Money over bitches, let me hear you say
What's your phone number?
Are you alone? Got a pocket full of rubbers, let's bone!
Time for your girlfriend to take you home
I had fun, but baby, gotta leave me alone
Picture in my rhyme
Take time to rewind these words I say
If you open your mind bet in a minute you'll find
It's time let the Outlawz play
What's ya phone number?

[Hook]
If you really wanna fuck with me, I'm ready
Baby, let me give you a call
How long will it take to break you off?

If you really wanna fuck with me, I'm ready
Baby, let me give you a call
How long will it take to break you off?

[Girl and 2Pac converse]
[Girl] Hello?
[2Pac] Hello? Who is this?
[Girl] Is this 2Pac?
[2Pac] This is who?
[Girl] Is this 2Pac?
[2Pac] Yeah, it's 2Pac. Who is this?
[Girl] Hi, baby. How are you?
[2Pac] I'm aight. What up, baby?
[Girl] You don't recognize the voice?
[2Pac] You recognize my voice, huh?
[Girl] Do you recognize MY voice?
[2Pac] Nah, I know you?
[Girl] Yeah, you know me. I guess you don't recognize me when I'm talking
[2Pac] Where I know you from? Where I know you from?
[Girl] You just know me, baby
[2Pac] Where? Talk up, I can't barely hear you
[Girl] You know me from when we were, you know, intimate
[2Pac] Oh, we fucked?
[Girl] Oh baby, did we ever
[2Pac] Oh, tell me about it, baby
[Girl] I remember when I put that big dick in my hand and stroked it up and down
[2Pac] OOOOH!
[Girl] Then I put it in my mouth. I sucked it
[2Pac] Ooh, you did?
[Girl] Ooh, I did
[2Pac] Shit!
[Girl] Fucked it and fucked it. Put me in. You came
[2Pac] Did I come?
[Girl] Ooh, baby: everywhere, everywhere. You don't remember me yet?
[2Pac] I'm starting to get a picture. Why don't you help me out. What did I do to the pussy? What a nigga do to the pussy?
[Girl] You rocked it
[2Pac] Did I?
[Girl] Yeah, you did
[2Pac] Did I give you some of that Thug Passion?
[Girl] Mmmmmm
[2Pac] Heh, heh. Eh, so what you doing right now, though?
[Girl] Me and my finger are getting acquainted
[2Pac] How many you got?
[Girl] I got ten, but only one is workin'
[2Pac] Oh well, can I come over there?
[Girl] If you want to
[2Pac] Do I want to? Do a bear shit in the woods and wipe his ass with a rabbit?
[Girl] Mmm. You gonna rock it, baby?
[2Pac] Hell yeah, I'm gonna rock it, baby
[Girl] Like you did before?
[2Pac] No dizoubt. You gonna feel that Thug Passion for real
[Girl] Mmmm, baby
[2Pac] I'm on my way though. I'm about to fly over there in a 500. It ain't gonna take but a minute. Eh, light the candles, get the baby oil out, turn all the lights out. Drink a little bit of that shit. I'm on my way, babe. I'm gonna knock that pussy to the next week
[Girl] Knock it out, baby, knock it out
[2Pac] I'm gon knock the taste out your mouth, girl. I'm gonna put your legs on your head. I'ma tie you up, blindfold you. And we gonna play which hole feel the best
[Girl] You know which hole feel the best
[2Pac] We finna see tonight, though
[Girl] I'm gonna make you remember me
[2Pac] Oh, yeah
[Girl] Yeah
[2Pac] Oh yeah, you got my dick hard. I can't find the steering shift, you got me so fucked up. I'm playing with myself and shit
[Girl] Can I shift your gear? Can I shift it in the front?
[2Pac] Hell yeah, aye, you know what I wanna do though?
[Girl] Whatch you wanna do?
[2Pac] I wanna fuck you on the balcony, while you lookin' out over L.A, yaknahmean? Just poundin' that shit from the back
‘Cause a motherfucker hop that shit like I got hydraulics
Fixed in me, you feel me? I be hittin' switches, baby
[Girl] Ooh, I feel you, yes
[2Pac] Heh, hey, I'm fin' to come over there. Just wait for me sweetheart, I'm on my way right now. I'll see you later, baby, bye
[Girl] Bye, boo
[2Pac] Hah, yeah, I'm gonna get some pussy
Heh, get some pussy, hah, hahI haven't yet for reasons of your own
But soon I'm sure you'll tire from being alone
u haven't recovered from the pain of the past
So u show me affection behind the wall of glass
But when I do finally kiss u
u will realize at last my heart was true[Intro: 2Pac & J. Valentine]
Damn, what I'ma do now til when I free.. oh shit!
Wait wait (motherfuck..) get free.. yeah yeah

[Hook]
When I get free, motherfuckers better watch they ass
Soon as I get released, I'ma clock some cash
Did some time locked down, but I'm back on the street
There'll be trouble when they see me
When I get free, motherfuckers better watch they ass
Soon as I get released, I'ma clock some cash
Did some time locked down, but I'm back on the street
There'll be trouble when they see me

[Verse 1]
Them bitches is foul, take a look at the evening news
And see a nigga gettin' cuffed by the boys in blue
Is it a, frame up, tryin' to keep me out the game, stuck
These motherfuckers tryin' to dirty up my name, but
I'm slippin' quick as the wind, it's me or them
Fuck friends my foes be on a mission tryin' to do me in
Fuck 'em I'm bout to get out, they all soft
I blow up my new range, and in a rage blow they balls off
Why are you niggas tryin' to test me trick?
And be the first ones to snitch to arrest me bitch
Main thang with nigga meal ticket only if you with the real
The nigga will kick it I'll enforce it with the steel
Use the lessons that I learned in jail
Rule one: fuck a busta he can burn in Hell
Networkin' with connects that I got in the pen'
In no time, I'll be clockin' again

[Hook] + [J. Valentine's harmonizing]
When I get free, motherfuckers better watch they ass
Soon as I get released, I'ma clock some cash
Did some time locked down, but I'm back on the street
There'll be trouble when they see me
When I get free, motherfuckers better watch they ass
Soon as I get released, I'ma clock some cash
Did some time locked down, but I'm back on the street
There'll be trouble when they see me

[Verse 2]
Still sittin' in my cell as I dwell on my past
Tryin' to figure how a nigga turned dreams into cash quick
Call her collect, ain't no respect on the other side
My cellmate's suicidal 'cause his mother died
And my C.O. is a lady, and I'm thinkin' maybe
Me and her can hook up a scheme, to be Swayze
'Cause she keep on callin' me baby
To a young motherfucker facin' eighty that's enough to make you crazy
Now how long will it take, to get her hooked
Got her watchin' me liftin' weights, sneakin' looks
I devised a plan, I'm in the trunk while she drives the van
Ain't no disguise I'ma die as a man
If we make it then I'm takin' it to Hell
All them niggas that was frontin' while I sat up in the cell
Locked in jail, I couldn't touch her so I planned your misery
The nigga you don't wanna see

[Hook] + [J. Valentine's harmonizing]
When I get free, motherfuckers better watch they ass
Soon as I get released, I'ma clock some cash
Did some time locked down, but I'm back on the street
There'll be trouble when they see me
When I get free, motherfuckers better watch they ass
Soon as I get released, I'ma clock some cash
Did some time locked down, but I'm back on the street
There'll be trouble when they see me

[Verse 3]
Stuck in my cell
The pen' ain't nuttin like the county jail
When will they let me bail?
Walkin' through the yard, I play the guard
First nigga disrespect me, first nigga gettin' scarred
I'm, back on the scene
I'm hittin' knees in the back of a limousine, puffin' on weed
As we game on the drunk hoes
Hit the skunk I reminisce just on the way, we used to play, you punk hoes
What I possess is to be rich, in currency
Paranoid niggas like bitches when they come and see me
Laid out, played out, the nigga barely breathin'
As for that bullshit punk, nigga n-now we're even
But I wait, until it's time
And try to find a crooked way to profit off this crime
This life of mine... until I get free
My prophecy is niggas screamin', as if they bleed in agony
As soon as they popped my gate
I knew these motherfuckers made a mistake

[Hook] + [J. Valentine's harmonizing]
When I get free, motherfuckers better watch they ass
Soon as I get released, I'ma clock some cash
Did some time locked down, but I'm back on the street
There'll be trouble when they see me
When I get free, motherfuckers better watch they ass
Soon as I get released, I'ma clock some cash
Did some time locked down, but I'm back on the street
There'll be trouble when they see me
When I get free, motherfuckers better watch they ass
Soon as I get released, I'ma clock some cash
Did some time locked down, but I'm back on the street
There'll be trouble when they see me

[Outro]
When I get free
Hahaha.. yeah nigga, when I get motherfuckin' free
Pop the gate, I'm back baby!
When I get free.. we up out this bitch[Intro: 2Pac & 2Pac as Trusty]
Ay Trusty Trusty
What you want man?
Aw nigga let me get one of them cigarettes
Here!!, Shit!
Come on bastard, get the phone for a nigga
Use the phone
Aw nigga get the phone for me man
What's the number?
323-65-45, tell her it's 'Pac

[Hook]
When I get free, motherfuckers better watch they ass
Soon as I get released, I'ma clock some cash
Did some time locked down, but I'm back on the street
There'll be trouble when they see me
When I get free, motherfuckers better watch they ass
Soon as I get released, I'ma clock some cash
Did some time locked down, but I'm back on the street
There'll be trouble when they see me

[Verse 1]
I heard a snicker a laugh, I take a look at the evening news
And see a nigga gettin' cuffed by the boys in blue
Is it a, frame up, tryin' to keep me out the game, stuck
These motherfuckers tryin' to dirty up my name, but
I slip as quick as the wind, it's me or them, fuck friends
My foes be on a mission, tryin' to do me in
Fuck 'em I'm out to get out, they all thought
I blow up like a gauge, and in a rage, blow they balls off
Why are you niggas tryin' to test me trick?
And be the first ones to snitch to arrest me bitch
My Main thang with a nigga meal ticket only if you with the real
The nigga will kick it, I'll enforce it with the steel
Use the lessons that I learned in jail
Rule one: fuck a busta he can burn in Hell
Now I'm workin' with connects that I got in the pen
In no time I'll be clockin' again

[Hook]
When I get free, motherfuckers better watch they ass
Soon as I get released, I'ma clock some cash
Did some time locked down, but I'm back on the street
There'll be trouble when they see me
When I get free, motherfuckers better watch they ass
Soon as I get released, I'ma clock some cash
Did some time locked down, but I'm back on the street
There'll be trouble when they see me

[Verse 2]
Hey, still sittin' in my cell as I dwell on my past
Tryin' to figure how a nigga turned dreams into cash
Quick, call her collect, ain't no respect on the other side
My cellmate's suicidal cause his mother died
And my C.O. is a lady, and I'm thinkin' maybe
Me and her can hook up a scheme, to be Swayze
Cause she keep on callin' me baby, to a young
Motherfucker facin' eighty that's enough to make you crazy
Now how long will it take, to get a hook
Got her watchin' me liftin' weights, sneakin' looks
I devised a plan, I'm in the trunk while she drives the van
Ain't no disguise I'ma die as a man
If we make it then I'm takin' it to Hell
All them niggas that was frontin' while I sat up in a cell
Locked in jail, I couldn't touch her so I planned, in misery
The nigga you don't wanna see

[Hook]
When I get free, motherfuckers better watch they ass
Soon as I get released, I'ma clock some cash
Did some time locked down, but I'm back on the street
There'll be trouble when they see me
When I get free, motherfuckers better watch they ass
Soon as I get released, I'ma clock some cash
Did some time locked down, but I'm back on the street
There'll be trouble when they see me
When I get free, motherfuckers better watch they ass
Soon as I get released, I'ma clock some cash
Did some time locked down, but I'm back on the street
There'll be trouble when they see me
When I get free, motherfuckers better watch they ass
Soon as I get released, I'ma clock some cash
Did some time locked down, but I'm back on the street
There'll be trouble when they see me
When I get free, motherfuckers better watch they ass
Soon as I get released, I'ma clock some cash
Did some time locked down, but I'm back on the street
There'll be trouble when they see me

[Outro]
(When I get free!!), believe that shit
Yeah nigga fuck your cigarette, fuck that phone (When I get free!!) call motherfucker
I'll be out this motherfucker in a few days
I'll pay these bitches back in spades (When I get free!!)
Punk ass bastards, long as my AK flexes
We gonna play these bitches (When I get free!!)
That's how we do this shit
Fuck that I'm out, C.O. turn the fuckin' lights out![Skit]
-[Prison Gaurd:] Inmate 'Pac, C57797, you got a visitor
Right there, star three
-[Girl:] Hi baby
-[Prisoner:] What's up honey?
-[Girl:] Hey you know it's just only one more week until family visit
-[Prisoner:] Yeah I'ma rock them drawers. Yeah but you did you take care of that business I asked you to do?
-[Girl:] I made those deposits
-[Prisoner:] Okay that's cool you bring that shit?
-[Girl:] Yeah I got it
-[Prisoner:] Alright see that guard over there?
-[Girl:] Mmm-hmm
-[Prisoner:] When you get done just hand him the shit, he know whassup
-[Girl:] Alright, hey you know E just got cracked, he's in jail now
-[Prisoner:] What?
-[Girl:] Yeah, Go-Go's out. I just saw him running around the other day
-[Prisoner:] Ahh, fuck that fool. But anyway, what's happening with my moms?
-[Girl:] She gave me a message for  you. She said she's sorry she couldn't be here today, but she'll be here next week
-[Prisoner:] Alright well check this out, I got something real important I want you to tell her
-[Guard:] C'mon c'mon this shit's over with
[commotion breaks out:]
-[Guard:] C'mon boy, back to your cell
-[Girl:] I'm not done talking to him
-[Guard:] Shut that shit up bitch! He's outta here, c'mon
-[Prisoner:] Don't be calling my woman no bitch! Nigga I'll fuck you up!
-[Guard:] Yeah yeah fool, what?
-[Prisoner:] Let me out these chains....with your broke ass sucka
-[Guard:] Yeah yeah, that's what they all say fool
-[Prisoner:] Yeah what! Let me out then
-[Guard:] Institutionalized, and this is your home...

[Verse]
Guess who's back, and ready to knock off a cop or two
Cause me and the crew could still get our rocks off
The Penitentiary don't stop a nigga cause he's in jail
Hell I'm makin' more money on the street from here in a cell
I'm livin' proper, the coppers is havin' fits
I just made the profit, you punks ain't stoppin' shit
I still remember my momma told me
Find the cop who killed your brother
Send him to Hell lookin' homely
'Cause a real nigga love the law
What's raw is a nigga that's above the law
Keep pressin' your luck and get fucked, huh
Think a nigga don't know what's up 'cause he's locked up
But in the meantime, it's get swole get clean time
Concentrate on gettin' green time
And as the years go by, they forgot
About the small time soldier from the block, huh
To kill the crook they threw the book at me
Don't worry be nappy, don't even look happy
Put me in the hole, gave me cold cuts
Did push-ups until I swole up
And then they offer me a furlough
But what they don't know as soon as I get free I'm killin' five mo'
They asked me if I changed much
I told 'em 'Yeah' even though I'm still the same nut
They started askin' me questions about my brother
And makin' remarks about my mother, hmm
Wait a minute, hold up
Makin' jokes about my folks'll get yours blown up
They sent me back to the hole for what I told 'em
I guess he didn't believe me, so I showed him
He went home to find a tragedy
Nigga, that's what you get for tryin' to badger me
And anybody else that wanna sweat me
I'm already in jail so you punks can't get me
You better pray they never see me
'Cause if they let me free, prepare for trouble on the streets

[Chorus]
When I get free, huh
When I get free, huh
When I get free
When I get free, huh
When I get free, huh
When I get free
When I get free* Poems written by Shakur as ~ interpreted by other artists

[Sonia Sanchez]
When your heart turns cold
I say, when your heart turns cold
It causes your soul to freeze
It spreads, throughout yo' spirit
Like a, ruthless, feeling disease
The walls, the walls that once were down
Now stand firm and tall, safe from hate love pain joy
Until you feel nothing at all
When, your heart turns cold
I say, when your heart turns cold
A baby's cry, means nothing
A dead corpse is trivial
Mother's neglecting children is daily
Loneliness, becomes your routine friend
Death death death seems like tranquility
Sleeping is never pleasant
If you even sleep at all all all
You forget ideals and, turn off the reason
To make sure the product gets sold
You don't UNDERSTAND how I behave, just wait
I say just WAIT WAIT WAIT til your heart
I say til your hearts turns COLD!
HA HA! Cold! Cold, cold, cold.. collllld..[Intro]
When thugs cry
Now I lay me down to sleep
I pray the Lord my guns to keep
If I die before I wake
I pray the Lord my soul to take
Got us dyin'
When thugs cry, times is hard

[Verse 1]
Born thuggin', and lovin' the way I came up
Big money clutchin', bustin' while evadin' cocaine busts
My pulse rushin', semi clutchin' into insanity
They shot at my cousin, now we bustin' at they whole family
The coppers wanna see me buried, I ain't worried
I got a line on the D.A. ‘cause I'm fuckin' his secretary
I black out and start cussin', bust 'em and touch 'em all
They panic, and bitches duckin', I rush 'em and fuck 'em all
I'll probably be an old man before I understand
Why I have to live my life with pistols close at hand
Kidnapped my homie's sister, cut her face up bad
They even raped her, so we blazed they pad
Automatic shots rang out, on every block
They puttin' hits out on politicians, even cops
I ain't lyin', they got me sleepin' with my infrared beams
And in my dreams I hear motherfuckers screamin'
What is the meanin' when thugs cry?

[Hook: singer & (2Pac)]
Oh, why should you send your child off to die?
In the streets of chalk where they lie
Let no wrongs cry out when thugs cry, dear God (when thugs cry)
Oh my, does it have to be this way?
Our children of today won't stay wise
Let the children hear when thugs cry, dear God, oh why?

[Verse 2]
Maybe my addiction to friction got me buggin'
Where is the love?, never quit my ambition to thug
Ain't shed a tear since the old school years of elementary
Niggas I used to love, enclosed in Penitentiaries
But still, homie, keep it real, how does it feel
To lose your life, over something that you did as a kid?
You all alone, no communication, block on the phone
Don't get along with your pop, and plus your moms is gone
Where did we go wrong? I put my soul in the song
To help us grow in time, but now our minds are gone
We went from brothers and sisters to niggas and bitches
We went from welfare livin' to worldwide riches
But somethin' changed in this dirty game, everything's strange
Lost all my homies over cocaine, mayne
See, they ask me if I shed a tear, I ain't lie
See, you gotta get high or die, ‘cause even thugs cry

[Hook: singer]
Oh, why should you send your child off to die?
In the streets of chalk where they lie
Let no wrongs cry out when thugs cry, dear God
Oh my, does it have to be this way?
Our children of today won't stay wise
Let the children hear when thugs cry, dear God, oh why?

[Verse 3]
And all I see is these paranoid bitches, illegal adventures
Bustin' motherfuckers with uppercuts, I leave 'em with dentures
‘Cause in my criminal mind, nobody violates the Don
I write your name wit' a piece of paper, now your family's gone
Why perpetrate like you can handle my team?
So merciless in my attack I take command of your dreams
Leavin' motherfuckers drownin' in they own blood
Clownin', takin' pictures later
Laugh 'bout them punk bitches that turned snitches
Regulate my area, the terror I represent
Makin' your people disappear, you wonderin' where they went
Am I cold, or is it just I sold my soul?
Addicted to these streets, never find true peace I'm told
Come take my body, God, don't let me suffer any longer!
Smoke a pound of marijuana, so I know it ain't long
Where is the end to all my misery, is there a close?
I suppose that's why I murder my foes; when thugs cry

[Hook: singer]
Oh, why should you send your child off to die?
In the streets of chalk where they lie
Let no wrongs cry out when thugs cry, dear God
Oh my, does it have to be this way?
Our children of today won't stay wise
Let the children hear when thugs cry, dear God, oh why?

Oh, why should you send your child off to die?
In the streets of chalk where they lie
Let no wrongs cry out when thugs cry, dear God
Oh my, does it have to be this way?
Our children of today won't stay wise
Let the children hear when thugs cry, dear God, oh why?

[Collision]
I shed tattooed tears for years
For my dead homeboys and my prison peers
Y'all ain't never heard my cries
Now you wonder why would you die?

[Additional/Original verison Outro]
Ayy Nas, remember that shit you said? I don't know what magazine you said it on... Some shit about we're sending thugs to whoever & whenever. You need to go to the record store and check out some of the albums you've been putting out, because you been spitting this thug shit for a while now. I know you've been listening cuz you've been biting this shit so, uh recognize and realize before your ass get rolled on!...[Intro: Young Noble]
When your heart turns cold
It causes your soul 2 freeze
Spreads throughout your spirit
Like a ruthless feeling disease
The walls that once were down
Now stand firm and tall
Safe from hate/love, pain/joy
Until u feel nothing at all
When ure heart turns cold
A baby's cry means nothing
A dead corpse is trivial
Mothers neglecting children is daily
Loneliness becomes your routine friend
Death seems like tranquility
Sleeping is never pleasant
If you even sleep at all
U forget ideals and turn off the reason
2 make sure the product is sold
You don't understand how I behave
Just wait till your heart turns Cold!

[Verse 1: Young Noble]
I know my cold heart turns warm at the front door
Love my family, love my Outlawz
But when I step outside I feel my blood freezing
Question if it's a blessing that 'm still breathing
Sometimes I wonder if I'm better off dead
They say God don't make mistakes but what if he did
But what if he didn't
So I'm supposed to be living this life that I'm living
And feeling how I'm feeling
Black rain shower, the pain builds character
My heart turned cold, yeah I learned to be a scavenger
Listen, no love received and no love given
Don't blame us blame the hate that you gave the children

[Verse 2]
No remorse for life and y'all forced to fight
In the event of my demise I hope God's the guiding light
In hind's sight, I'm lost, misguided by lies and truths
Confused bout what to do, refer to smoking, drinking brew
We be the hearts of the heartless, riding few from the bunch
Bosses have falled, bosses have caught you don't be the next one
Sleeping never pleasant even if you sleeping at all
The reason that I'm breathing is I'm an example for y'all

[Hook: Young Noble]
When your heart turns cold
It causes your soul to freeze
Spreads through your spirit like a deadly disease
When your heart turns cold
You feel nothing at all
A baby's cry means nothing at all
When your heart turns cold
A dead corpse is trivial
And death seems like tranquility
When your heart turns cold
I thank God above
Through the pain, hate, joy, and love
When your heart turns cold

[Verse 3]
Your soul is numb, your days are numbered (Cold)
Your kids cold, get old and younger (Cold)
Your loneliness becomes your only homie
So your sorrow all alone is just for your eyes only (Yeah)
The world against you and the odds are stacked (They stacked)
Your pockets short and your girls a wreck (That bitch)
Lose a piece of you survive all that
Plus you young and you black, it's hard enough being that (Yeah)
Your mom gone ain't nobody never cared (Yeah)
You call your mom but nobody never there (Shit)
Now it's on, you need a way up out of here
You click on some be next shit

[Verse 4: E.D.I Mean]
When your heart turn cold that's when the heat go off
And the means die slow, that's how the streets show off
Cemeteries filled with victims those with cold hearts
Deep in the dark when the pistols spark
My life one big movie of strife
Scene after scene filled with nothing but sad dreams
No wonder my heart pumps ice water
Gotta live according to the lessons that life taught you
Lonely is the road of a tortured soul
Who only knows the roles of a heart turned cold
Caught in the middle when the pistols blow
That's how it go when your heart turns cold

[Hook: Young Noble]
When your heart turns cold
It causes your soul to freeze
Spreads through your spirit like a deadly disease
When your heart turns cold
You feel nothing at all
A baby's cry means nothing at all
When your heart turns cold
A dead corpse is trivial
And death seems like tranquility
When your heart turns cold
I thank God above
Through the pain, hate, joy, and love
When your heart turns coldWhen your heart turns cold
it causes your soul 2 freeze
Spreads throughout your spirit
Like a ruthless feeling disease
The walls that once were down
Now stand firm and tall
Safe from hate/love, pain/joy
until u feel nothing at all
When ure heart turns cold
a baby's cry means nothing
A dead corpse is trivial
Mothers neglecting children is daily
Lonliness becomes your routine friend
Death seems like tranquility
Sleeping is never pleasant
if you even sleep at all
u forget ideals and turn off the reason
2 make sure the product is sold
You don't understand how I behave
Just wait till your heart turns Cold!When your hero falls from grace
all fairy tales R uncovered
myths exposed and pain magnified
the greatest pain discovered
u taught me 2 be strong
but I'm confused 2 c u so weak
u said never 2 give up
and it hurts 2 c u welcome defeat
when ure Hero falls so do the stars
and so does the perception of tomorrow
without my Hero there is only
me alone 2 deal with my sorrow.
your Heart ceases 2 work
and your soul is is not happy at all
what R u expected 2 do
when ure only Hero falls* Poems written by Shakur as ~ interpreted by other artists

Hey, ooh ah ooh oh oh

When your hero falls from grace
All your fairy tales are uncovered

Myths exposed and pain magnified
The greatest pain discovered

You told me to be strong but I'm confused to see you so weak
You said to never to give up and it hurts to see you welcoming me

When your hero falls so do the stars
When your hero falls so do the stars
And so does the perception of tomorrow

Without my hero there is only me alone
To deal with my sorrow, to deal with my sorrow

Your insistance to work and your soul is not happy at all
What do you expect it to do when your hero falls
So do the stars

See I know you're wondering how do I carry on
You want to give up you feel there's nobody to love
But if you look around there's so many people have been what you been
Through
You gotta let go you gotta be strong oh

Sing it again one more time

When your hero falls (Oh yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah)
When your hero falls (Ooh yeah)
When your hero falls (What am I supposed to do)
When your hero falls (When I'm looking to you yeah)
When your hero falls (But you told me to be strong)
When your hero falls (And to never give up oh oh)
When your only hero falls (Say it again)

When your hero falls (Whoa, oh yeah)
When your hero falls (Oh oh)
When your hero falls (What you saying)
When your hero falls (Won't you listen to the children sing)
When your hero falls (As they sing it to the whole world)
When your hero falls (Oh oh, oh oh yeah)
When your only hero falls[Intro: 2Pac]
Outlaw Immortalz
Bow down to somethin' greater than yourself, trick
Individuals capable of enormous amounts
Of chin checks and eye swolls
They know you watchin'
But you ain't seein' what lies before you, biatch
Picture, if you will
Seven deadly human beings blessed with the gift of speech
The power to reach each nigga on every street
May the heavenly father look down
And be proud of what transpired
Since the day the seed was planted
The G grew but we knew he'd rise up quick
Smoked out, loc'ed out, all into shit
Just me and my dogs, livin' like hogs, Outlaw Immortalz
What follows is the story, what proceeded was the glue
What lies between is the fiction
Don't fuck around and make it true

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
My adversaries crumble, when we rumble it's a catastrophe
Out for revenge on bitch niggas that blasted me
Plus, my alias is Makaveli
A loaded three-fifty-seven with hollow points to a nigga belly
Bust him to see if he bleed
He shoulda never fucked around with a sick-ass nigga like me
They call my name out and niggas run
Best be prepared for the Outlawz, here we come

[Verse 2: Hussein Fatal]
They call me Hussein Fatal, it's a two-game table
I'm robbin' ya niggas' cradle with a knife in your navel
Rap-related, criminally activated and evil
I wouldn't wanna be you behind my fuckin' Desert Eagle
'Til the end, I'm tellin' all friends and enemies
You see what I got to make you freeze
To touch me, you need ten of these
Complete most wanted on the streets of the East coast
Young Gunz fire and niggas bleed, I see Mo

[Verse 3: Kastro]
I be shinin' like white diamonds and crystal, glistenin' holdin' pistols
The mission's simple, fold up and roll up dead presidentials
Sew up all the potential, million, billion-dollar baller potential
Sort it, oughta call on a nigga I'll be sure to get you
Take cash, bro, fast yo, for my Kastro
Blast and I'mma last yo past all these Glass Joes
And assholes who claim, like they be runnin' thangs
I be gunnin' those same niggas runnin' late, to their fate

[Verse 4: Napoleon]
My alias is motherfuckin' Napoleon, and I'd rather be
Robbin' again before these motherfuckers leave me sufferin'
But it ain't nothin', and I got no time for no bluffin'
Befo' a nigga finish with puttin' in work
I better end up with somethin'
I think these niggas got the game fucked up
If they don't believe
That a young nigga like me would bust (Boo-Yaa!)
Perhaps it's a must, I'm facin' cases, fuck probation
Is what I'm screamin' when these money hungry cops be chasin'

[Chorus: 2Pac]
Thug niggas 'til we die
No mercy on these playa hatin' bitches
Ask me why when we ride
Thug niggas 'til we die
No mercy on these playa hatin' bitches
Ask me why when we ride

[Verse 5: Mussolini]
It's the imperial serial killer, alias Mussolini
Mentally unstable G status, so you can't see me
Drug warlord, ridin' Concorde jets
Rag Vette's, shakin' bitches and snitches and trippin' on sets
Inglewood's banger, keepin' one in the chamber
For the anger that I build inside, when it's time to ride
Suicidal thoughts lurk fuckin' no end to revenge
Fuck any, my alias Mussolini

[Verse 6: E.D.I.]
They call me EDI, from the side of seedy
Young nigga greedy, so I'm runnin' up on these niggas easy
It ain't nuttin, cause if they wantin' somethin', so I'mma commence
To dumpin' stomp down and struck up while my beat is bumpin' Thuggin' to my fuckin' last note, with Lo-Pole and Kastro
Who you thought was on that asshole? Don't ask though
Outlaw Immortalz doin' this dit-nirt on the sli-zow
Ain't no chance to hide when we ride

[Verse 7: Kadafi]
My alias Kadafi, Trump tight so feds can't copy
Six-three and cocky, quick to hit your bitch if she jock me
Severely addicted to livin' like a fuckin' felon
While beefin' with rookie cops, the cookie rocks a nigga sellin'
Since a shorty I been livin' life defiant, nickel plated chrome
Got this baby Capone lookin' like a giant, and I ain't lyin'
It's like it's me against myself with all these
Backstabbin' snakes grabbin' at my fuckin' wealth

[Verse 8: Mo Khomeini]
Mo Khomeini goes terrorist, mad man killer
The bottom of the river where the body lays and shivers
I'm that nigga with the fifty-cap pouch, with the murderous stacks
That increase while these motherfuckers eat beef
It's been a long road, a lot of episodes
And as the Glock loads, I gotta teach hoes
Reach hoes, make 'em feel a nigga when I'm mashin'
Now I'm surpassin' any assassin'

[Chorus: 2Pac]
Thug niggas 'til we die
No mercy on these playa hatin' bitches
Ask me why when we ride
Thug niggas 'til we die
No mercy on these playa hatin' bitches
Ask me why when we ride
Thug niggas 'til we die
No mercy on these playa hatin' bitches
Ask me why when we ride
Thug niggas 'til we die
No mercy on these playa hatin' bitches
Ask me why when we ride

[Outro: 2Pac]
Hahahaha, Outlaw Immortalz, baby
Y'all niggas can't fade this ol' crazy shit (Can't see me, can't see me)
Makaveli, Hussein, Kastro, Kadafi, Mussolini
Amin, Napoleon, Khomein
What y'all really wanna do?
Haha, like them niggas said
"What would you do if you could fuck with me and my crew?"
Hehahahahaha, Thug Life, yeah nigga
Flashin' on niggas, Thug Life, right? This year we Thug Life
But we Outlaw Immortalz
We die, nigga, but we multiply, we like legends, nigga, like forever
Like, I'll make you famous, motherfucker
I'm talkin' about Newsweek and Time Magazine
And all that old good shit
My niggas make the papers, baby
My niggas make the front page
Multiple gunshots, execution style, wild shit, they ain’t knowin'
We out[Intro]
Fugees! Fugees and Mobb Deep
Tryin' to diss now too, huh?!
Hahaha! Well, I ain't prejudiced
I don't give a fuck
This is what it sounds like
When we ride on our enemies
Biatch! When we ride on our enemies

[Verse 1]
Hey, got some static for some niggas on the other side of town
Let my little cousin K roll, he's a rider now
What they want from us motherfuckin' thug niggas?
Used to love niggas, now I plug niggas, and slug niggas
Am I wrong? Niggas makin' songs, tryin' to get with us
Must be gone on stress weed, in the West we trust
To the chest I bust, then we ride 'til the sun come
Shinin' back to brighten up the sky; how many die?
Heard the Fugees was tryin' to do me
Look, bitch, I'll cut your face, this ain't no motherfuckin' movie
Then, we watch the other two die slow
Castrated entertainin' at my motherfuckin' sideshow
Bam! Set my plan in mo'
Time to exterminate my foes, I can't stand you hoes
Uh, now label this my fuckin' trick shot
My lyrics runnin' all you cowards out of hip-hop
When we ride on our enemies

[Chorus]
When we ride on our enemies
I bet you motherfuckers die
When we ride on our enemies
When we ride on our enemies
Bet all you motherfuckers die
When we ride on our enemies

[Verse 2]
Come take a journey through my mind's eye
You crossed the game, don't explain, nigga, time to die
Say goodbye, watch my eyes when I pull the trigger
So right before you die, you bow before a bigger nigga
Now dry your eyes, you was heartless on your hits
Niggas love to scream "peace" after they start some shit
Pay attention, here's a word to those that robbed me
I murder you, then I run a train on Mobb Deep—don't fuck with me!
Nigga, you're barely livin', don't you got sickle cell?
See me have a seizure on stage, you ain't feelin' well
Hell, how many niggas wanna be involved?
See, I was only talkin' to Biggie, but I'll kill all of y'all, then ball
Then tell Da Brat to keep her mouth closed
Fuck around and get tossed up by the fuckin' Outlawz
Before I leave, make sure everybody heard
Know I meant every motherfuckin' word
When we ride on our enemies

[Chorus]
When we ride on our enemies
Make sure everybody die
When we ride, on our enemies
When we ride on our enemies, hehe
I make sure everybody die
When we ride, on our enemiesPower.. pow.. power...

Guess who's back? Hahaha, here we go
It's ninety-fo', what's next?

Power.. enter my world

I guess this year gonna be a motherfucker for real niggas
I swear these playa haters done got a taste of power
It ain't all good in the hood
Least not on my side, from where I stand
And the law? Man, fuck the law!
Niggas must outthink, outstep, and continuously outsmart
The motherfuckin' law, in every way
Key word in ninety-four is 'down low'
Gots to be struggling
I see how the rich got theirs
Nigga I'm legit, shit
Where do we go from here?
(Who's afraid, of the punk police?
To my niggas run the streets, fuck peace) --] repeat in background
Heyyy niggas, where your heart at?
See motherfuckers killin' babies, killin' mommas
Killin' kids, puttin' this in they motherfuckin' mark
Now what type of mixed up trick would kill the future of our race
Before he would he look his enemy dead in the eye, and open fire?
These crazy motherfuckers got toys with guns
Jails for guns, but still, no god damn jobs
And they wonder why we loc'n up
Where do we go from here?
Where do we go?
*singers singing variations of 'Where do we go from here'*
All you niggas out there
The clouds shook, the world listened
We stood together in April of ninety-two
With duty, and a sense of honor
There is no limit to what WE can achieve
That's all on us... us...
Not my niggas, not the whites, not the enemies
Or none of them motherfuckers, US
What can WE do? Shit
I declare a death sentence to all child molesters
Fake-ass bitches, male and female
And all you punk-ass snitches
We can do without your asshole
Let no man break, what we set
Where do we go from here?

Rest in peace, to Kato, I miss you
All the other real G's that passed away in ninety-three
In ninety-four, and more
What do we do? For us?[Intro]
Where there is a will there is a way
Search and discover a better day
Where a positive heart is all you need
To rise from beyond and succeed
And young minds grow and respect each other based on their deeds
And not their color
Look and them and say as I say
Where there is a will there is a way

[Verse 1]
I don't know why the caged bird sings
But as long as Thug Life in my veins I be doin' my thing
These blocks raised me to hustle for change
I learned the hard way without pain there is no gain
My life experience is trapped on page
My thoughts in my brain release when I be rappin' on stage
I'm like a prophet of rage with a Glock and a guage
I bang for my gang, won't hesitate to cock it and blaze
Some years in this game can teach ya some things
I've seen many try and fail but the strong remain
My uncle Boo been locked away since I signed my name
And I opened to family and friends for fortune and fame
I'm dedicatin' every song that I sing
In appreciation of loved ones from here to the grave
And I know this shit ain't easy but ya help me to maintain
Struggle continues, where there is a will there is a way

[Hook]
He said
Where there is a will there is a way
To search and discover, find a better day
Where a positive heart is all you need
To rise beyond and succeed
He said
Where there is a will there is a way
To search and discover, find a better day
Where a positive heart is all you need
To rise beyond and succeed

[Verse 2]
I let my heart in the pen speak
I just guide the words and let 'em touch who they reach
They even fall upon the ears of the deaf
But you can read it in Braile or come to me in the flush
I'm authentic, I fire back if I'm fired on
But I'm human I bleed if my skin gets torn
And I was born within a Gemini astrology
I'm in the hood and boys see the two sides of me
That's why he said where there's a will there's a way
Ya have to think about tomorrow if ya livin' today
No one's worthless the girl with no father
Lookin' for love from any man that will bother
She takes the money and she whispers his name
Like the paper and the tears gon' wash away all that pain
Yeah, it's sad but that's how it goes down
So keep ya head up and smile for me now

[Hook]
He said
Where there is a will there is a way
To search and discover, find a better day
Where a positive heart is all you need
To rise beyond and succeed
He said
Where there is a will there is a way
To search and discover, find a better day
Where a positive heart is all you need
To rise beyond and succeed

[Verse 3]
Just get ya click together and ya chips together
When y'all sit together and ya shit together, never
Let no man show ya no hand and no plan
That didn't show his home card, no fam
Where there's a will there's a way
And the jungle is a maze
When they rumble it's the strays that be duckin' like hey
I ain't tryin' to go to bed in the same night
Ricochet shots cover my head in the same sights
All I see so, all be is doin' this, pursuin'
The same dream to make cream
And the same fiends I pass by I ask why
Get the answer smoke cancer and slide
I look up in the sky give praise for everyday
That I'm sure to get paid like the sun give rays
Listen, it's hard enough to get a job but
It's harder to help us, hype, hustle, and tight the squad

[Hook]
He said
Where there is a will there is a way
To search and discover, find a better day
Where a positive heart is all you need
To rise beyond and succeed
He said
Where there is a will there is a way
To search and discover, find a better day
Where a positive heart is all you need
To rise beyond and succeed
He said
Where there is a will there is a way
To search and discover, find a better day
Where a positive heart is all you need
To rise beyond and succeed
He said
Where there is a will there is a way
To search and discover, find a better day
Where a positive heart is all you need
To rise beyond and succeed

[Ad-libs to fade]THE HOMIES WANNA KNOW WHERE YOU BEEN NIGGA, THE HOMIES WANNA KNOW WHERE YOU BEEN NIGGA, THE HOMIES WANNA KNOW WHERE YOU BEEN NIGGA , THE HOMIES WANNA KNOW WHERE YOU BEEN NIGGA, THE HOMIES WANNA KNOW WHERE YOU BEEN NIGGA, THE HOMIES WANNA KNOW WHERE YOU BEEN NIGGA WHERE TF YOU BEEN ? IM ALIVE.. I REMINISCE DANGREOUS SUMMERS I WAS JUST A THUG NIGGA  WORKIN' FOR  DRUG DEALERS  AND NEIGHBOUR RUNNERS BY THE AGE 13 WE WAS GUNNIN' AND IT WAS FUN TO SEE THE POLICE RUNNIN' NIGGA'S DISAPPEARE WHEN WE COMING LIL NAPI  HEAD SHORTY ADDICTED TO DRINKIN' 40'S  MY NIGGA'S IS NAUGHTY BUT YALL NIGGA'S IS FUCKIN' CORNY BUT YOU LEFT ME IN THE SUMMER  OF 89' A VERY GOOD YEAR CRACK, COCAINE SALES ROSE IN EVERY HOOD  HEAR TO YOU GOT A NAH  THEN LOCKED DOWN BAGGIN' ROCKS WITH A FAT 9 YOU SHOT DOWN WHAT THEY TELL IS ME IS YOU LIVIN' WELL STUCK IN YOU'RE CELL DON'T GET ANOTHER SLIP STICKIN' DRINKIN' LIQOUR  IN JAIL JUST AS WELL HAIL NIGGA I BAIL WHE NEVER NEEDED HIS WEED INSIDE THE CEREAL BOX SO DON'T EAT IT WHERE YOU BENN NIGGA, THE HOMIES WANNA KNOW WHERE YOU BEEN NIGGA, THE HOMIES WANNA KNOW WHERE YOU BEEN NIGGA,THE HOMIES WANNA KNOW WHERE YOU BEEN NIGGA, WHERE TF YOU BEEN ?[Intro: Big Syke]
This goes out to all the young killers on the frontline
We ain't forgot about you, homie

[Hook: Danny boy]
Damn, you been away from the hood too long
A lot of things have changed since you've been gone
Damn, you been away from the hood too long
A lot of things have changed since you've been gone
Damn, you been away from the hood too long
A lot of things have changed since you've been gone

[Verse 1: Hussien Fatal]
I done been locked and jocked for the shit I've been claimin'
All that killin' and the drug dealin', shit them niggas gamin'
I dumped for real, Hoop Town gettin' ill
Force me to chill cause they got shot and squeal
Punk ass niggas know the half on the ave
Through your town, and Downtown Newark, I mash

[Verse 2: Napoleon]
We call it thuggin', I ain't never go all of a sudden
L like I ain't wantin' nothing then I just be frontin', buggin'
All my homies and my family, I put that on mother vein
Play by the summers it's goin' to be insanity
It ain't easy, to hold it in
When everybody around me is gettin' rich
Wonderin' where I been

[Verse 3: E.D.I. Mean]
Burned out and broke
Got me dead runnin' for two packs of boges
My whole life I've been choked
Since we graduated bet you thought your boy hadn't made it
But it seem the dream that I was chasin'
Damn here is the thing that left me faded
Can't complain, shit, at least I'm still livin'
Although trippin' of all the fun that I was missin'
While I was boy is in prison.. that's where I been

[Bridge: Danny Boy]
The homies wanna know where you are
The homies wanna know where you are
The homies wanna know where you are
The homies wanna know where you are

[Verse 4: 2Pac]
I reminisce on dangerous summers
We're just a thug nigga workin' for drug dealers of neighborhoods
Run up by the age of 13
We was gunnin' and it was fun to see the police runnin'
Niggas disappear when we comin'
Little, nappy head shorty head addicted to drinkin' 40's
My niggas is naughty and y'all niggas is fuckin' corny
But you left me in the summer of '89, a very good year
Crack cocaine sales rose in every hood here
'Til you got knocked
Then locked down, bag of rocks & fat knot
You shot down, what they tell me is you livin' well
Stuck in your cell
Don't get another slip, ticket, drinkin' liquor in jail
Just as well, hell nigga, I bail, whenever needed
There's weed inside of the cereal box so don't eat it
Where you been nigga? My homies wanna know
Where you been nigga? (alone) Where the fuck you been?

[Hook: Danny Boy & 2Pac]
A lot of things have changed since you've been gone
(where you been nigga)
Damn, you been away from the hood too long
(my homies wanna know where you been)
A lot of things have changed since you've been gone

[Bridge: Danny Boy]
The homies wanna know where you are
The homies wanna know where you are
The homies wanna know where you are
The homies wanna know where you are

[Collision: 2Pac & Syke]
Hey.., to them niggas in jail cell
To my homies in the livin' hell
To the niggas haven't stayed down
To all the bustas that are comin' around
To all the love ones that's gone
To my niggas better stay strong
To all the hogs that's puttin' in work
To all the young riders doin' dirt haha

[Hook: Danny Boy]
Damn, you been away from the hood too long
A lot of things have changed since you've been gone
Damn, you been away from the hood too long
A lot of things have changed since you've been gone

[Bridge: Danny Boy]
The homies wanna know where you are
The homies wanna know where you are
The homies wanna know where you are
The homies wanna know where you are

[Collision: 2Pac & Fatal]
To all the young adolescent gettin' high stressin'
Can't act dumb don't ask questions
To all the other motherfuckers who runnin' blocks with they Glocks
And runnin' from the cops and blowin' up the very spot
To the hooriders that's on the streets
Lookin' for the police you out there creep
The real gang bangers slangin' thangs from the curb
My nigga love to earn gettin' ill...[Verse 1: Big Daddy Kane]
Watch me, ain't no question
I'm sufferin' a bad case of lyrical congestion, not the one for testin'
Come mess with and end up with your chest split
No, not because of cardiac, but because how hard he act, ha
I'm recognized as the microphone destroyer
Competition minds up in the state of paranoia
I told him if you're scared, go get a dog, so by tomorrow
You'll probably see 20 rappers walkin' with Rottweilers
Your gimmick is primitive, and impotent, you won't win with it, so limit it
Before I make your body start to hemorrhage
Just when you thought that you was burnin' me
You found yourself bleedin' internally, now you heads is learnin', see
I stayin' there sincere, you commence prayer
Your heart begets fear, cause there ain't no wins here, huh
Never kid, cause even with leverage
I can rock your domepiece worse than the wop ever did
What?

[Pre-Verse: 2Pac]
Are you out your fuckin' mind?

[Verse 2: 2Pac]
Ask me to blast, no need to ask 'cause I'm mashin'
Peepin' the latest fashion, copy-cats in plastics
Get me to flashin', my adversaries shipped in caskets
Murdered them bastards, witness the past, got boom-bastic
Now that they freed me, no one can see me
I completely eradicated my competition, Father forgive me
Assemble the troops, prepare my loots for combustion
Rushin' them muthafuckas, the deadliest nigga bustin'
How can they touch me when they lost in thought?
On Death Row we lock shit down across the board
Now flash and watch me get in that ass like a bikini
Lyrical legendary so niggas'll never see me
Completely defeat me, can never happen, whether rappin' or scrappin'
Niggas get smashed on they muthafuckin' back
Hard to kill, and even harder to stop
Watch Kane and 'Pac drop the sho' shot! Tell them motherfuckers

[Pre-Verse: Big Daddy Kane]
Here's how we'll do it

[Verse 3: Big Daddy Kane & 2Pac]
The meet us and the plan's to put the cash in the hand
So that I can spend a grand of benjimans up in Japan
Now who's the man? And therefore my Luchi, eatin' sushi
Checkin' out a subtitled movie featurin' Sho Kasugi
Tell me, Kane, when will niggas learn?
In this game, fuck with us, niggas gettin' burned
We takin' turns on you bitch-made nigg-ar-os
I hope it hurts, cause you're worse than these groupie hoes
One more time baby
I'll be forever, the gogetter of the chedder
Thinkin' ahead of my competitor, just too clever to sever
I got it together to represent with my true nigg
The first syllables of our name together is 2 Big
Think about that![Intro: Malcolm X (Movie) & Danny Boy]
"You go bustin' your fist against a stone wall. You're not usin' your brain. That's what the white man wants you to do. Look at you! What makes you ashamed of bein' black?"

[Intro: 2Pac]
Nothin' but love for you, my sister
Might even know how hard it is, no doubt
Bein' a woman, a black woman at that, no doubt
Shit, in this white man's world
Sometimes we overlook the fact
That we be ridin' hard on our sisters
We don't be knowin' the pain we be causin'
In this white man's world
In this white man's world
I ain't sayin I'm innocent in all this
I'm just sayin', in this white man's world
This song is for y'all
For all those times that I messed up, or we messed up

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Dear sister, got me twisted up in prison, I miss ya
Cryin', lookin' at my niece's and my nephew picture
They say don't let this cruel world get ya
Kinda suspicious, swearin' one day you might leave me
For somebody that's richer
Twist the cap off the bottle, I take a sip and see tomorrow
Gotta make it if I have to beg or borrow
Readin' love letters; late night, locked down and quiet
If brothers don't receive they mail, best believe we riot
Eatin' Jack-Mack, starin' at the walls of silence
Inside this cage where they capture all my rage and violence
In time I learned a few lessons, never fall for riches
Apologies to my true sisters, far from bitches
Help me raise my Black nation, reparations are due
It's true, caught up in this world I took advantage of you
So tell the babies how I love them, precious boys and girls
Born black in this white man's world—and all I heard was

[Chorus: Danny Boy]
Who knows what tomorrow brings
In this world where everyone's blind?
And where to go, no matter how far, I'll find
To let you know that you're not alone

[Bridge: 2Pac]
Only thing they ever did wrong (yes!, yes!) was bein' born black (no doubt), in this white man’s world. All my ghetto motherfuckers, be proud to be black if you proud to have this shit like this, 'cause ain't nobody got it like this (all my little black seeds, born black in the white man's world). All these motherfuckers wanna be like us. They all wanna be like us, to be the have-nots: all hail. God bless the child that can hold his own, no motherfuckin' doubt.

[Verse 2: 2Pac]
Bein' born with less, I must confess, only adds on to the stress
Two gunshots to my homie's head, died in his vest
Shot him to death and left him bleedin' for his family to see
I pass his casket, gently askin', is there a heaven for G's?
My homeboy's doin' life, his baby mama be stressin'
Sheddin' tears when her son finally ask that questions
Where my daddy at? Mama, why we live so poor?
Why you cryin'? Heard you late night through my bedroom door
Now, do you love me, mama? Why they keep on callin' me nigga?
Get my weight up with my hate and pay 'em back when I'm bigger
And still thuggin' in this jail cell, missin' my block
Hearin' brothers screamin' all night, wishin' they'd stop
Proud to be black, but why we act like we don't love ourselves?
Don't look around, busta, (you sucka!) check yourselves
Know what it means to be black, whether a man or girl
We still strugglin' in this white man's world

[Chorus 2: 2Pac]
Who knows what tomorrow brings
(Born black in this white man's world)
In this world where everyone's blind?
(In this white man's world)
And where to go, no matter how far, I'll find
(In this white man's world)
To let you know that you're not alone

[Collision]
We must fight for brother Mumia
We must fight for brother Mutulu
And we must fight for brother Ruchell Magee
We must fight for brother Geronimo Pratt
We must fight for [?], Zulu, [?]
We must fight for the countless political prisoners
Who are locked up falsely by this white man

[Verse 3: 2Pac]
So, tell me why you changed to choose a new direction
In the blink of an eye?
My time away just made perfection
Did you think I'd die?
Not gon' cry, why should I care?
Like we holdin' onto lost love that's no longer there
Can you please help me?
God bless me, please keep my seeds healthy
Makin' all my enemies bleed while my G's wealthy
Hopin' they bury me with ammunitions, weed and shells
Just in case they trip in Heaven—ain't no G's in Hell
Sister, sorry for the pain that I caused your heart
I know I'll change if you help me, but don't fall apart
Rest in peace to Latasha, Lil' Yummy, and Kato
Too much for this cold world to take, ended up bein' fatal
Every woman in America, especially black
Bear with me, can't you see that we under attack?
I never meant to cause drama to my sister and mama
Hope we make it to better times, in this white man's world

[Chorus: 2Pac]
Who knows what tomorrow brings
In this world where everyone's blind?
And where to go, no matter how far, I'll find
To let you know that you're not alone

[Collision: Khalid Abdul Muhammad]
"You're out of touch with reality! There are a few of you in a few smoke-filled rooms calling that the mainstream, while the masses of the people—white and black, red, yellow and brown, poor and vulnerable—are suffering in this nation."

[Collision: 2Pac]
Never that, in this white man's world, they can't stop us
We've been here all this time
They ain't took us out, they can never take us out
No matter what they say, about us bein' extinct
About us bein' endangered species
We ain't never gon' leave this
We ain't never gon' walk off this planet
Unless y'all choose to
Use your brain, use your brain
It ain't them that's killin' us, it's us that's killin' us
It ain't them that's knockin' us off
It's us that's knockin' us off
I'm tellin' you better watch it, or be a victim
Be a victim, in this white man's world
Born black, in this white man's world, no doubt
And it's dedicated to my motherfuckin' teachers
Mutulu Shakur, Geronimo Pratt, Mumia Abu Jamal
Sekou Odinga, all the real OG's, we out

[Outro: Minister Farrakhan]
"The seal, and the constitution, reflect the thinking of the founding fathers, that this was to be a nation by white people; and for white people, Native Americans, Blacks, and all other non-white people were to be the burden bearers, for the real citizens of this nation."[Originally off the *Still Smokin': Chronic 2000* compilation]

[Intro: 2Pac]
Let us pray, Heavenly Father
Hear a nigga down here
Before I go to sleep
Tell me, who do you believe in?..
Who do you believe in?..

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
I see mothers in black, cryin', brothers in packs dyin'
Plus everybody's high, too doped up to ask why
Watchin' our own downfall, witness the end
It's like we don't believe in God ‘cause we livin' in sin
I asked my homie on the block why he strapped
He laughed, pointed his pistol as the cop car passed, and blast
It's just another murder, nobody mourns no more
My tear drops gettin' bigger
But can't figure what I'm cryin' for
Is it the miniature caskets, little babies?
Victims of a stray, from drug dealers gone crazy?
Maybe it's just the drugs, visions of how the block was
Crack came and it was strange how it rocked us
Perhaps the underlyin' fact, stay high, explain genocide
It's when we ride on our own kind
What is it we all fear?, reflections in the mirror
We can't escape fate, the end is gettin' nearer

[Hook: 2Pac]
Who do you believe in?
I put my faith in God
Blessed and still breathin'
And even though it's hard
That's who I believe in
Before I'm leavin', I'm askin' the grievin'
Who do you believe in?
Who do you believe in?
I put my faith in God
Blessed and still breathin'
And even though it's hard
That's who I believe in
Before I'm leavin', I'm askin' the grievin'
Who do you believe in?

[Verse 2: 2Pac]
Can't close my eyes, ‘cause all I see is terror
I hate the man in the mirror
‘Cause his reflection makes the pain turn realer
Times of Armageddon, murder in mass amounts
In this society where only gettin' the cash counts
I started out as a beginner
Entered the criminal lifestyle, became a sinner
I make my money, and vacate, evade prison
Went from the chosen one to an outcast, unforgivin'
And all the Hennessy and weed can't hide the pain I feel inside
You know, it's like I'm livin' just to die
I fall on my knees and beg for mercy
Not knowin' if I'm worthy
Livin' life thinkin' no man can hurt me
So I'm askin', before I lay me down to sleep
Before you judge me
Look at all the shit you did to me; my misery
I rose up from the slums, made it out the flames
In my search for fame, will I change?
I'm askin'…

[Hook: 2Pac]
Who do you believe in?
I put my faith in God
Blessed and still breathin'
And even though it's hard
That's who I believe in
Before I'm leavin', I'm askin' the grievin'
Who do you believe in?
Who do you believe in?
I put my faith in God
Blessed and still breathin'
And even though it's hard
That's who I believe in
Before I'm leavin', I'm askin' the grievin'
Who do you believe in?

[Verse 3: Yaki Kadafi]
Faith in Allah, believe in me and this plastic
‘Cause so far I done witnessed too many dead niggas in caskets
With they chest plates stretched, like elastic
And what's worse I'm on front line
Holdin' down camp, still mashin'
Heard my cousin, one of the old heads from the block
Just came home October of '95, back in Yardsville stuck
With a three to five, if he don't act up
Now he realize, if you don't stay wise
Then in this game you fucked
Talk to my baby girl, give me the word on what she heard
One of the grimies is snitchin', dimin', a stool pigeon
I talked to him; he said he didn't, my man said he did
In fact he's sure, ‘cause he just came home off of bid

[Hook: 2Pac]
Now tell me, who do you believe in?
I put my faith in God
Blessed and still breathin'
And even though it's hard
That's who I believe in
Before I'm leavin', I'm askin' the grievin'
Who do you believe in?
Who do you believe in?
I put my faith in God
Blessed and still breathin'
And even though it's hard
That's who I believe in
Before I'm leavin', I'm askin' the grievin'
Who do you believe in?

[Overlapped hook]
Who do you believe in?
I put my faith in God
Blessed and still breathin'
And even though it's hard
That's who I believe in
Before I'm leavin', I'm askin' the grievin'
Who do you believe in?
Who do you believe in?
I put my faith in God
Blessed and still breathin'
And even though it's hard
That's who I believe in
Before I'm leavin', I'm askin' the grievin'
Who do you believe in?
Who do you believe in?
I put my faith in God
Blessed and still breathin'
And even though it's hard
That's who I believe in
Before I'm leavin', I'm askin' the grievin'
Who do you believe in?
Who do you believe in?
I put my faith in God
Blessed and still breathin'
And even though it's hard
That's who I believe in
Before I'm leavin', I'm askin' the grievin'
Who do you believe in?

[Collision]
Who do you believe in?
Is it Buddah, Jehovah, or Jah? Or Allah?
Is it Jesus? Is it God? Or is it just yourself?
Definitely not to be imposed, being a demon
Because this is the joy of believin'
Man, to believe in yourselves
But for sure, the higher power
Resides only to ride in the heart of the true
From the soul, of the man; for truth never has an alibi
In the poetry, or in it's realm
That's what pulls all words together
Just to understand that every man is his own man
And only man can satisfy the man
Only the soul of the man, the feelings of the man
The for realness of the man
You can't shake the man when you give the man
You know the man
And you gotta call yourself, because you are that man

[Hook]
Who do you believe in?
I put my faith in God
Blessed and still breathin'
(blessed and still breathin)
(even though it's hard)
Who do you believe in?
Who do you believe in?
I put my faith in God
(before I'm leavin')
Even though it's hard
(I'm askin' the grievin')
Before I'm leavin', I'm askin' the grievin'
Who do you believe in?
Who do you believe in?
Blessed and still breathin'
Before I'm leavin', I'm askin' the grievin'
Who do you believe in?
Who do you believe in?
I put my faith in God
Blessed and still breathin'
Even though it's hard, that's who I believe in
Before I'm leavin', I'm askin' the grievin'
Who do you believe in?
Who do you believe in?
Put my faith in God
That's who I believe in
Before I'm leavin', I'm askin' the grievin'
Who do you believe in?
Who do you believe in?
Blessed and still breathin'
That's who I believe in
Before I'm leavin', I'm askin' the grievin'
Who do you believe in?
Who do you believe in?[Intro]
Maybe it's the thug in me
Maybe it's the thug in me
Maybe it's the thug in me
Maybe it's the thug in me
Maybe it's the thug in me

[Verse 1]
Ever since I was a young scrub
I was a thug on the corner with my niggas slangin' drugs
And runnin' from the narcs when they pass by, don't ask why
I'm a hustler, till my ass die
Even if I do come up, I'll be ready when they run up, huh
I'll be a nut to put my gun up, huh
I never trust these hoes at all
Fuckin' with them tramp ass sluts who supposed to fall
Said she played you for your money, but the shit was cool
Guess it's true, niggas be bitches too
You can't see how she worked you all up in the skirt
Now you lookin' like a jerk 'cause she hurts you
Now hands up, don't be a playa hater, just peep game
Keep your mind on your money, watch the bitch change
See hoes love thugs and thugs love loot
Hand it over motherfucker 'fore I shoot, who do you love?

[Chorus]
Maybe it's the thug in me, maybe it's the thug in me
Tell me who do you love?
Maybe it's the thug in me, maybe it's the thug in me
Who do you love?
Maybe it's the thug in me, maybe it's the thug in me
Tell me who do you love?
Maybe it's the thug in me, maybe it's the thug in me

[Verse 2]
I'm livin' that, thug life baby!
Steady smokin' Indo, goin' crazy
Baby come and hug me when you rub me, turn the lights down
We in the dark, do you love me?
Everybody's talkin' 'bout they know me
But they ain't down like my motherfuckin' homies
Tell me what you need when you see me
And we can get it on, biatch, take it easy
Don't try to hold me, control me
But you can take my number, baby, call me when you're lonely
'Cause it's a man's world, ain't no need to ask why
I'm high till I die and strapped with my .45
'Cause you can lose it in the gutter
I wonder if I'll die by the hands of another broke motherfucker
They call me the alcoholer, I'm all in
Thug for life, nigga, ballin'
I'm gettin' tired of these hoes tryna play me
You can't fade me and my niggas goin' crazy
All day long I'm straight thuggin', and constantly mean muggin'
Breakin' the bitches that be buggin', tell me who do you love?

[Chorus]
Maybe it's the thug in me, maybe it's the thug in me
Tell me who do you love?
Maybe it's the thug in me, maybe it's the thug in me
Who do you love?
Maybe it's the thug in me, maybe it's the thug in me
Tell me who do you love?
Maybe it's the thug in me, maybe it's the thug in me
Who do you love?[Intro: Reporter]

You may remember hearing about a murder
In Las Vegas 2 months ago
In which a popular and controversal performer
Was shot
Gang land style and killed
It's a murder that hasn't yet been solved
But the investigation has invited closer scrutiny
Of the music industry
(Fades away)

[2Pac]
Them same mother fuckers wanta murder me
Them same mother fuckers
Them same mother fuckers wanta murder me
(Y'all mother fucking crazy)

[VERSE 1]
Crazy
I got a work with what you gave me
Claiming I'm a criminal
When you the one that made me
They got me trapped in this slavery
Now I'm lost in this holocaust
Heading for my grave G
I told Sam he can fuck the war
& got a busted jaw
For saying fuck the law
And if you wonder why I'm Mad check the records
What's a nigga got a do to get respected
Sometimes I think I'm Getting tested
& if I dont say yes a nigga's quick to get arrested
That's the reason I stay zested
I keep a vest on my chest
Incase the cops are getting restless
Walk around ready to light shit up
& since my life is fucked
Some say I'm slighty nuts
Buck buck is the sound as i mooova
Other niggas pay attention when a fool bust
They make a nigga be a killer
I used to be a dealer
But they wanted to see whooo's realer
Now them same motherfuckers want a murder me
& i wonder if the lord ever heard of me

Chorus
Them same mother fuckers want a murder me
(they know everyday when I'm breathing it's it's...)
Them same mother fuckers want a murder me
(Everytime i speak i want the truth to come out)
Them same mother fuckers want a murder me(You know what I'm saying everytime i speak i dont want shit)
& i wonder if the lord ever heard of me
I need loot so I'm doing what i do
& don't say shit
Until you've walked in my shoes

[VERSE 2:Onyx]

...* Poems written by Shakur as ~ interpreted by other artists

[Sarah Jones]
Why must you be unfaithful?  For women..
Men, you shouldn't listen to your selfish heart
It doesn't really have a brain
Besides keepin you alive, it's existence is in vain
And how could I be so mean, and say your heart has no place?
Because mortal men fall in love again
As fast as they change their face
I may be cruel, but think awhile about the hearts that you have broken
And match that, with the empty vows and broken promises you've spoken
Now I'm not saying females are perfect
Cause we know, it's not true
But why must you be unfaithful
If her heart is true to you?MEN!
u shouldn't listen 2 your selfish heart
It doesn't really have a brain
Besides keeping u alive
Its existence is in vain
"How could I be so mean,
and say your heart has no place?"
Because mortal men fall in love again
as fast as they changed their face
I may be cruel, but think awhile about
The hearts that u have broken
Match that with the empty vows
and broken promises u've spoken
I am not saying females R perfect
Because men we know it's not true
But why must u be unfaithful
If her heart is true 2 u!!!!

-Shakur[Intro: 2Pac]
(Ol' switcheroo-ass, bitch made motherfuckers, just be friends)
Outlaw nigga, Westside, throw it up
Hahaha.. had love for 'em, but why you turnin' on me?
Why me? Westside, how you do it boy?

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
I went from, nothin' to somethin' now they all wanna see me fallin'
And the player haters hate to see a thug nigga ballin'
They say we hate the East coast, but that's funny
Got a lot of love for, any nigga gettin' money
I made a song about my enemies and niggas tripped
It was hip-hop until 2Pac fucked Biggie bitch
Y'all niggas hypocrites and bitch made
Now either love me or hate me but real thug niggas get paid
Have me catchin' cases all across the nation
I went from jail to bail to barely on probation
They got a player facin' three strikes
And we might, just blast God bless the child, that can get cash
But all these niggas turnin' and never learn
Got a long line of niggas player hatin' me but gettin' burned
Talk a lot of shit but you's a trick in drag
Like the MAC make you fall back and stick yo' ass for back stab

[Hook: Singers & 2Pac]
Why you wanna turn on me?
Never thought you would backstab me (Why y'all turnin' on me?)
When you niggas see me you flee (Why me?)
Cause I'm a T-H with the U-G.. (Why me?)
Why you wanna turn on me?
Never thought you would backstab me
When you niggas see me you flee (yeah nigga)
Cause I'm a T-H with the U-G

[Verse 2: 2Pac]
It, started so innocent, but ended in the fifth precinct
Although two juvenile delinquents, we still decent
Playin' catch and kiss, used to diss the herbs
Fuck school we was skippin' drink a fifth on the curb
Me and you, no closer two, while drinkin' brew
What you need nigga? Anything at all come to me nigga
You can wear my clothes and my gold for the hoes
Gave you the keys to the jeep, offered my home as an open door
But then you picked a new direction, in the blink of an eye
My time away just made perfection, did you think I'd die?
I never got a single visit yet I carry on
All my old friends too busy now my money gone
Said I got raped in jail, picture that? {​*laughter*}​
Revenge is a payback bitch, get your gat
Fuck {​Wendy Williams}​ and I pray you choke
On the next dick down your throat
For turnin' on me

[Hook: Singers & 2Pac]
Why you wanna turn on me?
Never thought you would backstab me (Why y'all turnin' on me?)
When you niggas see me you flee (Why me?)
Cause I'm a T-H with the U-G.. (Why me?)
Why you wanna turn on me?
Never thought you would backstab me
When you niggas see me you flee
Cause I'm a T-H with the U-G

[Ad-libs: 2Pac]
I put Jenny Craig on your fat ass, you fat troll
Anybody ever seen {​Wendy Williams}​ fat ass?
Why you always wearin' Spandex you fat bitch?
I know your pussy stinks, you fat ho
I'm puttin' Jenny Craig on you bitch
I'm about to put a twenty-thousand dollar, hit
Through Jenny Craig to come find yo' ass
And put you in a fat farm, you fat bitch!
Thug Life, Outlaw, Westside bitch
It's 2Pac so you know who said it
And for everybody who didn't like what I said about that other trick
And Mobb Deep, fuck you too nigga!
If a nigga didn't want to get talked about
He shouldn'ta stepped in the fuckin' ring
If Tyson don't want to get knocked out
He don't step in the fuckin' ring, that's how the shit go
When Tyson get in the ring, he knock motherfuckers out!
Well that's what 2Pac gon' do
When niggas come against me, I'ma knock they punk ass out!
One way or the motherfuckin' other
This old motherfuckin' nigga in the South told me nigga
It's more than one way to skin a cat
It's more than one way to shoot a gat
It's more than one way to die nigga
When I'm through, everybody cry nigga
This is how we do it

[Hook: Singers & 2Pac]
Why you wanna turn on me?
Never thought you would backstab me (Why y'all turnin' on me?)
When you niggas see me you flee (Why me?)
Cause I'm a T-H with the U-G..
Why you wanna turn on me?
Never thought you would backstab me
When you niggas see me you flee
Cause I'm a T-H with the U-G
(Fuck you too nigga!)[Intro]
Ahaha niggas love turning this shit ol' switcheroo-ass, bitch made motherfuckers, just be friends
Outlaw nigga, Westside, throw it up, get it up (never thought it would come through)
Hahaha.. used to had love for 'em, why you turnin' on me?
Why me? Yeah nigga westside, how you do it boy?

[Verse 1]
I went from, nothin' to somethin' now they all wanna see me fallin'
And the player haters hate to see a thug nigga ballin'
They say we hate the East coast, but that's funny
Got a lot of love for, any nigga gettin' money
I made a song about my enemies and niggas tripped
It was hip-hop until 2Pac fucked Biggie bitch
Y'all niggas hypocrites and bitch made
Now either love me or hate me but real thug niggas get paid
Have me catchin' cases all across the nation
I went from jail to bail to barely on probation
They got a player facin' three strikes
And we might, just blast God bless the child, that can get cash
But all these niggas turnin' and never learn
Got a long line of niggas player hatin' me but gettin' burned
Talk a lot of shit but you's a trick in drag
Like the MAC make you fall back and stick yo' ass for back stab

[Chorus]
Never thought it would come through
Used to had love for 'em, but now they turnin' on me?
Why me?
Why y'all trippin'?
Heheha
Used to had love for 'em, but now they turnin' on me?
Why me?

[Verse 2]
It, started so innocent, but ended in the fifth precinct
Although two juvenile delinquents, we still decent
Playin' catch and kiss, used to diss the herbs
Fuck school we was skippin' drink a fifth on the curb
Me and you, no closer two, while drinkin' brew
What you need nigga? Anything at all come to me nigga
You can wear my clothes and my gold for the hoes
Gave you the keys to the jeep, offered my home as an open door
But then you picked a new direction, in the blink of an eye
My time away just made perfection, did you think I'd die?
I never got a single visit yet I carry on
All my old friends too busy now my money gone
Said I got raped in jail, picture that? {​*laughter*}​
Revenge is a payback bitch, get your gat
Fuck ​Wendy Williams​ and I pray you choke (fuck you, you fat bitch)
On the next dick down your throat
For turnin' on me

[Chorus]
Used to had love for 'em, but now they turnin' on me?
Why me?
Fat bitch can't fuck with me
It's Thug life biaatch
I used to had love for 'em, but now they turnin' on me?
Why me?

[Outro]
I fuck around and put a hit on your fat ass
I put Jenny Craig on your fat ass, you fat troll
Anybody ever seen Wendy Williams​ fat ass?
Why you always wearin' spandex, you fat bitch?
I know your pussy stinks, you fat ho'
I'm puttin' Jenny Craig on you bitch
I'm about to put a twenty-thousand dollar, hit
Through Jenny Craig to come find yo' ass
And put you in a fat farm, you fat bitch!
Thug Life, Outlaw, Westside bitch
It's 2Pac so you know who said it
And for everybody who didn't like what I said about that other trick
And Mobb Deep, fuck you too nigga!
If a nigga didn't want to get talked about
He shouldn'ta stepped in the fuckin' ring
If Tyson don't want to get knocked out
He don't step in the fuckin' ring, that's how the shit go
When Tyson get in the ring, he knock motherfuckers out!
Well that's what 2Pac gon' do
When niggas come against me, I'ma knock they punk ass out!
One way or the motherfuckin' other
This old motherfuckin' nigga in the South told me nigga
It's more than one way to skin a cat
It's more than one way to shoot a gat
It's more than one way to die nigga
When I'm through, everybody cry nigga
This is how we do it
Why y'all turnin' on me? Why me?[Intro: 4th Avenue Jones' & K-Ci]
Tat Chat Chat Ooooooooooh
4th Avenue Jones'
K-Ci himself (himself, himself) Shabba dabba dee swee swee
Ha Ha Oh yeah, lemme tell ya now, oh yeah

[Verse 1: Ahmad]
I never planned that I'd be married to settle no chance (yeaah)
Wedding bands rock the heaviest metal
And I'm the center hip hop
My M3 seat three, don't need comission (that's right)
So either we rhyme or design the beat to flip with
Don't stick with music 'cuz I hand lose it
It seranades me while I land cruise it
If I'm stressed or soothing
Something I can make the fans move with
Said I be singing til I saw you was like "Man, who dis?"
While JD Mingle be gettin at you with a brand new twist
Switchin my linger, wishin I could be the one you cling to
I ask you for you number maybe I can ring you
Six months later when I'm sick my baby bringin me food
Hang with the fellas I said "Mainly, I'll be hangin wit you"
Ready to have that satisfaction of you saying "I do" (yeaaaah)
Since you finally did it, now we together mind, body, spirit
That's something can't no body interfere with, for life (for life)

[Hook 1: K-Ci]
For Life
My Wife for Life
You say, "Yes"
Yes you will be my wife
My wife, my wife
For Life
My Wife for Life
You say, "Yes"
Yes you will be my wife
My wife, my wife for life

[Verse 2: Ahmad]
I bet you be strapped at point little pubs
Said she never give her number out to dudes in the clubs
That's the boogees and exceptions cuz she's showing me love
Body bangin like the county but I avoid the rub
Prolly to use to dudes jockin, all I asked was a hug
So she slid me the digits, mashed out in a Bug
A couple months pass, and we the item 'round town
But I'm feelin like the worm, like she just want me for the rebound
She fresh outta - relationships that only got her - heartache and pain
Frustrated because of drama
I'm lookin' at your face picturing kids and I can see em
Til death do us part we got the match and mazzaliam
On poppa's DM, I'll put you in the chrome BM
You different from the rest you love God and MCing
Whether it be tattoo, rings or bling (bling)
50 karat, you my wife 4 life, we got our backs and it's apparent

[Hook 1: K-Ci]
For Life
My Wife for Life
You say, "Yes"
Yes you will be my wife
My wife, my wife
For Life
My Wife for Life
You say, "Yes"
Yes you will be my wife
My wife, my wife for life

[Verse 2: K-Ci]
So ya heard
When I asked
That night you'd be my wife
Not for this year or next
But mine for all life (that's right that's right)
To accept me when I'm seein
And to understand
Not to make this dim in the rain
Which comes as hard as any
I'm not the best of men
My fault has come scarse tonight
But my heart has always - been to give to my wife
Yes you are baby (ah, ah, Tena Jones)

[Verse 3: Tena Jones]
Tena Jones, been picky 'bout men, don't want some common fella
Contaminatin' me like salmanila
Workin undercover like my rhyme umbrella
Keepin it shady, I'm not going for it though, not even maybe
Showin' proof to you the difference from a rag and from a lady
I can do for myself, makin my bacon living gravy
And thankin' the Lord, 'cuz more importantly He saved me
I shot for the moon - lookin for comets like I'm Haley
I found me a star companionship is what it gave me
I'm beautiful too, and not because my hair is wavy, that's my baby
I said

[Hook 2: Tena Jones]
For Life
Your Wife for Life
I say, "Yes"
Yes, I will be your wife
Your wife your wife
For Life
Your Wife for Life
I say, "Yes"
Yes, I will be your wife
Your wife your wife

[Hook 1: K-Ci]
For Life
My Wife for Life
You say, "Yes"
Yes you will be my wife
My wife my wife
For Life
My Wife for Life
You say, "Yes"[Intro]
Aww yeah, uhh, uhh
Holla if ya hear me, yeah
Holla if ya hear me
You're too near me, to see it clearly
Holla if ya hear me
Uhh, uhh, uhh, uhh
Yeah

[Verse 1]
Here we go, turn it up, let's start
From block to block we snatchin hearts and jackin marks
And the punk police can't fade me, and maybe
We can have peace someday, G
But right now I got my mind set up
Lookin down the barrel of my nine, get up
Cause it's time to make the payback fat
To my brothers on the block better stay strapped, black
And accept no substitutes
I bring truth to the youth tear the roof off the whole school
Oh no, I won't turn the other cheek
In case ya can't see us while we burn the other week
Now we got a nigga smash, blast
How long will it last 'til the po' gettin mo' cash
Until then, raise up!
Tell my young black males, blaze up!
Life's a mess don't stress, test
I'm givin but be thankful that you're livin, blessed
Much love to my brothers in the pen
See ya when they free ya if not when they shove me in
Once again it's an all out scrap
Keep your hands on ya gat, and now ya boys watch ya back
Cause in the alleys out in Cali I'mma tell ya
Mess with the best and the vest couldn't help ya
Scream, if ya feel me; see it clearly?
You're too near me -

[Chorus]
Holler if ya hear me!
Holler if ya hear me!
Holler if ya hear me

[Verse 2]
Pump ya fists like this
Holla if ya hear me
PUMP PUMP if you're pissed
To the sell-outs, livin it up
One way or another you'll be givin it up, huh
I guess cause I'm black born
I'm supposed to say peace, sing songs, and get capped on
But it's time for a new plan, BAM!
I'll be swingin like a one man, clan
Here we go, turn it up, don't stop
To my homies on the block gettin dropped by cops
I'm still around for ya
Keepin my sound underground for ya
And I'mma throw a change up
Quayle ain't do nothing but blow my name up!
Now my homies in the backstreets, the blackstreets
They feel me when they rollin in they fat jeeps
This ain't just a rap song, a black song
Tellin all my brothers, get they strap on
And look for me in the struggle
Hustlin 'til other brothers bubble -

[Chorus]
Holler if ya hear me!
Holler if ya hear me!
You're too near me, to see it clearly
Holler if ya hear me

[Verse 3]
Will I quit, will I quit?
They claim that I'm violent, but still I kick
Representin, never give up on a good thing
Wouldn't stop it if we could it's a hood thing
And now I'm like a major threat
Cause I remind you of the things you were made to forget
Bring the noise, to all my boyz
Know the real from the bustas and the decoys
And if ya hustle like a real G
Pump ya fists if ya feel me, holla if ya hear me
Learn to survive in the nine-tre'
I make rhyme pay, others make crime pay
Whatever it takes to live and stand
Cause nobody else'll give a damn
So we live like caged beasts
Waitin for the day to let the rage free
Still me, till they kill me
I love it when they fear me -

[Chorus]
Holler if ya hear me
Holler if ya hear me
Holler if ya hear me
Holler if ya hear me
You're too near me, to see it clearly
Holler if ya hear me
You're too near me, to see it clearly
Holler if ya hear me
You're too near me, to see it clearly
Holler if ya hear me
You're too near me, to see it clearly
Holler if ya hear me[Intro: 2Pac]
Yeah, BK Brooklyn went massive on the track ya'll
Uh, Makavelli rest in peace, huh Oulawz whaddup
Fatal Hussein, EDI Mean,(Yeah) gorilla gang, bangin' smurf domination
(You KNOW!) Heh, you know how we do it

[Verse One: 2Pac]
Just holla my name and witness game official
Niggas is so ashamed they stand stiff like scared bitches
While I remain inside a paradox called my block
Though gunshots is promised to me, when will I stop?
I hit the weed and hope to God I can fly high
Witness my enemies die when I ride by, they shouldn'ta tried me
I send they bodies to they parents up North
With they faces they wrists and they nuts cut off
Fuck 'em all what I scream as I dream in tongues
Fuck a trick, get me rich and the bitches'll come
Bust my gun, make 'em all scatter
Bullets to my nuts only made my balls better, eat a dick BEYOTCH!
Mercy, never that, you say you comin' back?
Bring it on, forever strapped
Introduce you to the pleasure and the pain, you can go so far
Just sell me your soul, and live the life.. (of a ghetto star)

[Hook]
I wish nothing but the best for my enemies
I know they wanna see me descended n even when im dead
They don't wanna see me in peace
They'd rather see me suffer a lifetime of trice
When I'm gone jealousy is the same old song
I wish nothing but the best for my enemies
I'mma warrior born to survive the struggle
Its a game of tug of war you gotta hustle

[Verse 2: Nutso]
You see the road that I quarrel is long and hard
Physical and mental scars
Wishin' for paradise in a place where I'm against the odds
Rough nights then gun fights had me on the edge of death
But some how some way god chose to spare my breath
When my enemies succeed in my assassination
Thoughts of death is it the future of my imagination
Before they put me in the dirt I'm squeezin' first
Hate to see my mama cry following behind my hearse
Nothin' worse I can't picture myself sayin they shot me
Cause even when I think I'm alone, god got me
Throughout life I learned a lot of valuable lessons
Invest in the future you can't take a fortune in heaven
Friends changed so I walk on my weapons
So let me come for ME
I'm patiently waitin' to put em under me
A ghetto star just trynna live my life comfortably
Bein' harassed and attacked so whatchu want from me

[Hook]

[Interlude: 2Pac]
Check yourself you gotta snatch some collars
And let them motherfuckers know you gonna take them OUT
Anytime YOU feel like it
You gotta get the ground beneath your feet partner
And get the wind behind your back and go out and blaze if you got to
You gotta be ready to throw down, stand up and die for that
Otherwise you ain't shit, you might as well be dead your damn self

[Verse 3: 2Pac]
Talkin' to my homies that was worried
See my enemies wanna see me dead I ain't worried forgive me
Please give me shelter, guard my friends
Lift up my head from my hands that are warm with tears
I see bodies gettin' splashed with acid
2 shots ring from the plastic Glock wrapped in plastic
Buried n basted time to notify
His fam wishin', ain't nothin' left to be identified
Evacuate the crime seen fast, Why
Heard the feds that are wanted for my ass, Why
I won't touch down till I see do you wanna
Sell out shops, sellin' em crooked counts marijuana
Label me a success
I made a switch, retired from the life that never gave me shit
Went from cash that I couldn't spend, countless cars
An addict for a wife, live my life as a ghetto star

[Outro]
Yeah man, GF Records man, fire whaddup
Haha my nigga empho lookin for this one ya'll
Gorilla gang man, 2Pac rest in peace man
We got this man, 2004 shit man
This shit from the heart ya'll
Huh, I wish the best for my enemies
Brrrrrraaaaaaaahhhhh[Backing vocals]

[Chorus]
You wonda why they call you bitch
You wonda why they call you bitch
You wonda why they call you bitch
You wonda why they call you bitch
You wonda why they call you bitch
You wonda why they call you bitch

[Verse 1]
Look here, Miss Thang, hate to salt your game
But you's a money-hungry woman and you need to change
In the locker room, all the homies do is laugh
High fives ‘cause another nigga played your ass
It was said you were sleezy, even easy
Sleepin' around for what you need, see
It's your thing, and you can shake it how you wanna
Give it up free or make your money on the corner
But don't be bad, play the game, get mad and change
Then you wonder why these motherfuckers call you names
Still lookin' for a way out, and that's okay
I can see you wanna stray, there's a way out
Keep your mind on your money, enroll in school
And as the years pass by, you can show them fools
But you ain't tryin' to hear me ‘cause you're stuck
You're headin' for the bathroom, 'bout to get tossed up
Still lookin' for a rich man, you dug a ditch
Got your legs up tryin' to get rich
I love you like a sister, but you need to switch
And that's why they called you bitch—I betcha!

[Chorus]
You wonda why they call you bitch
You wonda why they call you bitch
I betcha
You wonda why they call you bitch
You wonda why they call you bitch
I betcha, bitch
You wonda why they call you bitch
You wonda why they call you bitch
I betcha
You wonda why they call you bitch
You wonda why they call you bitch

[Verse 2]
You leave your kids with your mama
‘Cause your headin' for the club
In a skin-tight miniskirt, lookin' for some love
Got them legs wide open while you're sittin' at the bar
Talkin' to some nigga 'bout his car
I guess he said he had a Lexus, what's next?
You headin' to his car for some sex?
I pass by, can't hold back tears inside
‘Cause Lord knows, for years I tried
And all the other people on my block hate your guts
Then you wonder why they stare and call you slut
It's like your mind don't understand
You don't have to kill your dreams plottin' schemes on a man
Keep your head up, legs closed, eyes open
Either a nigga wear a rubber or he die smokin'
I'm hearin' rumors, so you need to switch
And niggas wouldn't call you bitch—I betcha!

[Chorus]
You wonda why they call you bitch
You wonda why they call you bitch
I betcha
You wonda why they call you bitch
You wonda why they call you bitch
I betcha, bitch
You wonda why they call you bitch
You wonda why they call you bitch
I betcha
You wonda why they call you bitch
You wonda why they call you bitch

[Verse 3]
I guess times gettin' hard, even harder for you
‘Cause hey now, got a baby on the way now
More money from the county, and thanks to the welfare
You're about to get your hair done
Got a dinner date, can't be late
Trick or treat, sweet thang got another trick to meet
The way he did it it was smooth
Plottin' while he gamin' you so, baby, peep the rules
I should've seen it in the first case, the worst case
I should've never called you back in the first place
I remember back in high school, baby, you was fast
Straight sex when you moved your ass
But now things change, ‘cause you don't look the same
Let the ghetto get the best of you, baby, that's a shame
Caught HIV and now you 'bout to be deceased
And finally be at peace
So where your niggas at now? ‘Cause everybody left
They stepped, and left you on your own
See, I loved you like a sister, but you died too quick
And that's why we called you bitch—I betcha!

[Chorus]
You wonda why we call you bitch
You wonda why we call you bitch
I betcha, bitch
You wonda why we call you bitch
You wonda why we call you bitch
I betcha, bitch
You wonda why we call you bitch
You wonda why we call you bitch
I betcha, bitch
You wonda why we call you bitch
You wonda why we call you bitch

[Outro]
Dear Ms. Delores Tucker, keep stressin' me
Fuckin' with a motherfuckin' mind
I figured you wanted to know
You know, why we call them hoes bitches
And maybe this might help you understand
It ain't personal, strictly business, baby, strictly business
So If you wonder why we call you bitch
You wonder why we call you bitch
If you wonder why we call you bitch
You wonder why we call you bitch[Intro: 2Pac]
Hehehe, yeah
These are my words to my firstborn

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Can you picture young niggas in a rush to grow?
'Til hard-timers in the pen' had to crush his throat
Probably never even saw it comin'
Too busy bullshittin', caught him with his mouth runnin'
Ain't this a bitch? They got me twisted in this game
The feds and the punk police pointin' pistols at my brain
I wonder if I'm wrong 'cause I'm thugged out
My homies murdered execution style, runnin' in the drug house
What was supposed to be a easy hit
Now shit is flipped,'cause niggas died over bullshit
It's not my dream, I'm seein' pictures of a broken man
No witnesses only the questions of who smoked the man
Young adolescents in our prime live a life of crime
Though it ain't logical, we hobble through these tryin' times
Livin' blind—Lord, help me with my troubled soul
Why all my homies had to die 'fore they got to grow?
And right before I put my head on the pillow, say a prayer
One love to the thugs in Heaven, I'll see you there
It's written for the young and dumb that wasn't warned
Help you make it through the storm
My words to my firstborn—feel me!

[Hook: 2Pac]
My words to my firstborn
My words to my firstborn

[Verse 2: 2Pac]
Since my very first day on this Earth, I was cursed
So, I knew that the birth of a child would make my life worse
And though it hurt me, there was no distortion
'Cause wild seeds can't grow, we need more abortions
Quiet your soul, 'cause you know what you had to do
And so did victims of a world they never came to
I understand it's a better day comin'
Sometimes cats be sleepin' on the dead end, drivin' with the car runnin'
Blinded, ain't no love in the hood, only hearts torn
Love letters to the innocent and unborn
All the babies that died up on the table
Wasn't able to breathe, 'cause the family wasn't able
Can't blame her, I would do the same
All I could give her was my debt and my last name
'Cause in the game things change, livin' up and down
This hard life got me walkin' with my head down
Flashin' frowns wasn't meant to be, was I wrong?
But I'll never get to know, so I carry on
It's written for the young and dumb that wasn't born
My words to my firstborn—feel me!

[Hook: 2Pac]
My words to my firstborn
Mmm! (Yeah)
These are the words to my firstborn
Hey, nigga, talk to your born!
Talk to your seed, nigga!

[Verse 3: Above the Law]
Two thousand somethin' somethin' mention a new era
A nigga's too real, now see shit too clear
See, there's more than just this scrilla and this tilt
(What else is it, dawg?) – the velvet and the silk
And makin' sure my kittens got they milk
(Hoo!) Gotta fill this mattress
Let my kids know I'm at this
Attack this, the Mack must roll, hood stroll
Ain't no question, is it? Above the Law hustlers
If it's related to chips, homie, we'll handle ya

Yo, although we never take advantage
Though we always into ery'thang
By all means, stack green, gangsta lean
They say money make the world go 'round
So, only associate yourself
With paper chasers and niggas that's truly down
And keep God first
And give thanks for the good times, as well as when it hurts
It's player haters every corner you hit
Touchin' their tits, hella thick, tryin' to get you for yo' grip
I know you stressed-out and fed-up
But come out, gun-blazin', and keep yo' head up
You can call it what you want to, but it ain't gon' change
Above the Law, 2Pac, O.G.'s in this rap game
And we done lived a long hard life
And we done shed so many tears under these bright lights
Y'all, although we grew up corrupted and scorned
We still got a lot of wisdom to give to our firstborn

[Outro: 2Pac]
What you gon' tell your kids, nigga?
Who was you? What was you doin'?
How did you put it down?
These my words to my motherfuckin' firstborn
So, they can know, y'knahmean? Hehehe
Ain't nothin' but a motherfuckin' rider
Westside 'til I die, that's all it was
It's a crooked-ass hand they deal a motherfucker
I just played to win, just played to win
Motherfucker gotta bet against the odds, y'knahmean?[Intro]
Killing us one by one
In one way or another
America will find a way to eliminate the problem, one by one
The problem is the troublesome Black youth of the ghettos
And, one by one, we are being wiped off the face of this Earth
At an extremly alarming rate
And even more alarming is the fact that we are not fighting back
Brothers, sisters, niggas
When I say "nigga" it is not the nigga we have grown to fear
It is not the nigga we say as if it has no meaning
But, to me
It means "Never Ignorant Getting Goals Accomplished", nigga
Niggas, what are we going to do?
Walk blind into a line or fight?
Fight and die if we must
Die, like niggas

[Verse 1]
This is for the masses, the lower classes
The ones you left out, jobs were giving, better living
But we were kept out
Made to feel inferior, but we're superior
Break the chains in our brains that made us fear ya
Pledge allegiance to a flag that neglects us
Honour a man that that refuses to respect us
Emancipation Proclamation? Please!
Lincoln just said that to save the nation
These are lies that we all accepted
Say no to drugs but the governments' kept it
Running through our community, killing the unity
The war on drugs is a war on you and me
And yet, they say this is the Home of The Free
But if you ask me, it's all about hypocrisy
The constitution, yo, it don't apply to me
And Lady Liberty? Stupid bitch lied to me
This made me strong, and no one's gonna like what I'm pumpin'
But its wrong to keep someone from learning something
So get up, its time to start nation building
I'm fed up, we gotta start teaching children
That they can be all that they wanna to be
There's much more to life than just poverty

[Interlude]
This is definitely uh... words of wisdom
AMERICA! AMERICA! AMERIK-K-KA
I charge you with the crime of rape, murder, and assault
For suppressing and punishing my people
I charge you with robbery for robbing me of my history
I charge you with false imprisonment for keeping me
Trapped in the projects
And the jury finds you guilty on all accounts
And you are to serve the consequences of your evil schemes
Prosecutor, do you have any more evidence?

[Verse 2]
Words of Wisdom
Based upon the strength of a nation
Conquer the enemy armed with education
Protect yourself, reach for what you want to do
Know thyself, teach by what we've been through
Armed with the knowledge of the place we've been
No one will ever oppress this race again
No Malcolm X in my history text, why's that?
’Cause he tried to educate and liberate all blacks
Why is Martin Luther King in my book each week?
He told blacks, if they get smacked, turn the other cheek
I don't get it, so many questions went through my mind
I get sweated, they act like asking questions is a crime
But forget it, cause one day I'm gonna prove them wrong
Not every brother had his mother on the welfare line
The American Dream, though it seems like it's attainable
They're pulling your sleeve, don't believe
’Cause it will strangle ya
Pulling the life of your brain, I can't explain
Beg as you can obtain from which you came
You swear to your mother that you living in equality
Forgetting your brother that's living here in poverty
Thought they had us beaten when they took out King
But the battle ain't over till the black man sings
Words of Wisdom
The battle ain't over 'till the black man sings
Words of Wisdom

[Outro]
NIGHTMARE! That's what I am
America's Nightmare
I am what you made me
The hate and the evil that you gave me
I shine as a reminder of what you've done to my people
For four hundred plus years
You should be scared
You should be running
You should be trying to silence me
Ha, but you can not escape fate
For it is my turn to come
Just as you rose you will fall
By my hands
America, you reap what you sow
2Pacalypse, America's Nightmare
Ice Cube and Da Lynch Mob, America's Nightmare
Above The Law, America's Nightmare
Paris, America's Nightmare
Public Enemy, America's Nightmare
KRS-One, America's Nightmare
New Afrikan Panthers, America's nightmare
Mutulu Shakur, America's Nightmare
Geronimo Pratt, America's Nightmare
Assata Shakur, America's Nightmare[Intro: 2Pac & E.D.I Mean]
Uh.. world wide mob figgaz.. (for real)
World wide mob figgaz (O-U-T-L-A-W-Z)
We world wide mob figgaz (for real)
Uh, world wide mob figgaz
Check game you little young punks
We world wide mob figgaz
All you niggas is jealous cats
What, what?

[Verse 1: E.D.I. Mean]
Uhh, Uhh, now put them hands up
Rich niggas throw the grands up, and what?
I gotta prosecute to get what's mine in the nine lime
It's my time motherfucker try to stop it gon' see nine lives
[?] that's all I see when I open up
Baby girl, fuckin' you now before I blow up, you know what?
I seen your kind before
High saditty, but really like it raw, in the closet like the rider type of whore
By the shore, I [?] a trick on her
But I'm collectin' these vicks when I put the dick on her
O.U.T.L.A.W.Z
You fuckin' with a nigga livin' destructively, pump and pee
Tuckin' T's often it counts from the flow on
I'm tryin' to handle my business full grown
This shit is on, it's gettin' crazy after dark
Where the real thug niggas? Here you are
We world wide mob figgaz

[Hook: Young Noble]
We got homies on the front line, livin' it up
We got ladies in the back straight, givin' it up
It ain't nothin' but a thug thang
World wide mob figga, let me see a nigga nuts hang (nuts hang)
We got homies on the front line, livin' it up
We got ladies in the back straight, givin' it up
It ain't nothin' but a thug thang
World wide mob figga, let me see a nigga nuts hang (nuts hang)
World wide mob figga, let me see a nigga nuts hang (nuts hang)
World wide mob figga, let me see a nigga nuts hang

[Verse 2: Napoleon]
Nigga, duck down, bust first, make 'em feel somethin'
Shouldn't shot your gun if you ain't kill nuttin'
Nephew gotta face the devil and got four heavily armed
Outlawz did that (split they ass), heavily gone
So we ride with the left of us, best of us
Plus we wake up with our TEC on us
We test yo' nuts in a heartbeat, sleep on the street
Obey the rules of the ones who want yo' beef I'll eat
Y'all niggas weak, in a motherfuckin' way it's so pitiful
I'll leave you motherfuckers critical
We heard the slick shit you said on fuckin' Too Short tape
But you only stepped your way into an early wake, early grave
That's what you brave niggas get for fuckin' with this
You had your chance to mob first you didn't you missed
Just switched to fake
Napoleon be the motherfuckin' last nigga with the gat to break
The last to fade, earthquake aftershock, is what you got
Fuckin' with niggas that give a damn about hip-hop
This how it go in our family
Cause this Outlaw shit is what we stand for gradually
We world wide mob figgaz

[Hook: Young Noble]
We got homies on the front line, livin' it up
We got ladies in the back straight, givin' it up
It ain't nothin' but a thug thang
World wide mob figga, let me see a nigga nuts hang (nuts hang)
We got homies on the front line, livin' it up
We got ladies in the back straight, givin' it up
It ain't nothin' but a thug thang
World wide mob figga, let me see a nigga nuts hang (nuts hang)

[Collision: 2Pac]
World wide motherfuckin' mob figgaz
Weed smokin', gun-totin', drinkin'
Ridin' on our motherfuckin' enemies
Y'all know how we do it
World wide mob figgaz
World wide mob figgaz

[Verse 3: Young Noble]
I be the Young N-O, to the B-L-E
Last name O-U-T-L-A-W-Z
M-A-R was the for starters, squeeze the whole cartridge
Your lady called the squad and the whole sausage
Clip for [?], hittin' donuts in a 6
Sip Coronas when we bendin' the corner, brothers hit
Urban legend, dirty third still reppin'
Still double-S to bumrush your session
I get it dirty and burn ya' just a nigga in a skirt
Drinkin' Squirt, punk duck, hit the dirt
Sprint to the church that you got comin'
Outlawz on the ride picture God runnin'
Ain't nuttin but a thug thang, bust your brains
'Pac passed the rock so we tucked the game
Under our belt, we huntin' the wealth, you fuckin' yourself off
Don't you know not to go against the Outlawz

[Hook: Young Noble]
We got homies on the front line, livin' it up
We got ladies in the back straight, givin' it up
It ain't nothin' but a thug thang
World wide mob figga, let me see a nigga nuts hang (nuts hang)
We got homies on the front line, livin' it up
We got ladies in the back straight, givin' it up
It ain't nothin' but a thug thang
World wide mob figga, let me see a nigga nuts hang (nuts hang)
World wide mob figga, let me see a nigga nuts hang (nuts hang)
World wide mob figga, let me see a nigga nuts hang (nuts hang)

[Verse 4: 2Pac]
Hey watch out man, look out
Known for doin' scandalous deeds, no handlin' me
And nah, it ain’t the drugs, it’s the straight thug nigga in me
I swoop down and cause havoc
My rapid delivery is automatic, lettin' niggas have it
I've been labelled as a thug nigga
Since they don't sell my shit to white folks
Ship it to the drug dealers
And catch a—catch a nigga world wide
A fuckin' mob figga West coast, who-ride
When we rob niggas money make my squad bigger
But we ain't sell our souls
Bustin' on my enemies, murder my foes
At my shows I'm a nut, lights camera time for action
Now get to clappin' to my cuts, a world wide mob figga

[Hook: Young Noble]
We got homies on the front line, livin' it up
We got ladies in the back straight, givin' it up
It ain't nothin' but a thug thang
World wide mob figga, let me see a nigga nuts hang (nuts hang)
We got homies on the front line, livin' it up
We got ladies in the back straight. givin' it up
It ain't nothin' but a thug thang
World wide mob figga let me see a nigga nuts hang (nuts hang)
World wide mob figga, let me see a nigga nuts hang (nuts hang)
World wide mob figga, let me see a nigga nuts hang (nuts hang)

[Collision: 2Pac]
Ayo, get that motherfucker right there
Ayo, K, pull out on that motherfucker and blast
Yo Mo, get over there, get over there
Ayo Malc, get 'em
Ayo bust on ‘em mother fuckers
Hey bust on 'em, bust on that nigga
Ayo Yak, c'mon, Fatal, let’s get the fuck outta here
Fuck them niggas
West Coast nigga, West Coast
World wide mother fuckin' mob figgaz, nigga
We thug life
Nigga know what time it is
Get the fuck out of here
You ain't dead! You ain't dead, nigga, come on
Hey come the fuck on
We out nigga, Westsiiide!
Outlaw Riders, biatch[Intro: 2Pac, Ed O.G. & Ice Cube]
Hard like an erection
Young black male
Hard like an erection
Ain't shit to fool with
Hard like an erection
Young black male
Hard like an erection
Ain't shit to fool with
Yes, niggas! Yes, niggas! Yes, niggas!
Hard like an erection
Young black male
Hard like an erection
Ain't shit to fool with
Hard like an erection
Young black male
Hard like an erection
Go nigga, go!

[Verse: 2Pac]
Young black male
I try to effect by kicking the facts
And stacking much mail
I'm packing a gat 'cause cops wanna jack
And fuck going to jail
'Cause I ain't a crook, despite how I look
I don't sell yayo
They judging a brother like covers on books
So follow me into a flow
I'm sure you know, which way to go
I'm hitting 'em out of the doors
So slip on the slope, let's skip on the flow
I'm fucking the sluts and hoes
The bigger the butts, the tighter the clothes
The gimminy jimminy grows
Then whaddaya know, it's off with some clothes
Rowd when the crowd says ho
That let's me know, they know I can flow
Love when they come to my shows
I get up and go with skins before
When I'm collecting my dough
I never respect, the one that I back
The quicker the nigga can rap
The bigger the check
Now watch how they sweat
What kind of style is that?
The style of a mack, and ready to jack
I rendered up piles of black
The wacker the pack, the fatter the smack
I hate it when real niggas bust
They hate when I cuss, they threaten to bust
I had enough of the fuss
I bust what I bust and cuss when I must
They gave me a charge for sales
For selling the tales of young black males

[Outro]
Yes, nigga, N-I-G-G-A, niggas
Ay, nigga, you can't handle that shit!
Pass that man!
Hit that shit, that's the shit!
It smells like skunk, skunk smells like that nigga momma
We ain't nothin' but some low down dirty niggas
Keep it real, nigga! Fuck you, nigga!
You ain't giving me near a dime on this real motherfucker
Fuck St. Ides, it's an Old E thing, baby
Strictly some of that Hennessy
Can I drink with you, fellas? Can I get in on it?
Fuck you, Capo, you ain't in, baby
I tell you what! You guys are not gonna be talking all that shit, when I come back, OK?
We gonna see who the big mouth when I come back
Young black male![Intro]
I wanna dedicate this one to Robert "Yummy" Sandifer
And all other lil' Young Niggas that's in a rush to be gangstas

[Verse 1]
As a Young nigga, I'm almost runnin' in the wind
Give anything, to be that innocent again, when I was ten
I didn't bang but I was hangin' with the homies
'Til them niggas started slangin', now they don't know me
I got my hustle on, learned to ignore what couldn't pay me
Lately I've been tryin' to make a million, can you blame me?
With that jealousy they need to miss me, don't sweat me
If them cowards really want me, come get me, and even I
Someday will die but I'm cautious, I'm fin' to ride
Put down the top, now we flossin'
Hit the freeway, let the wind blow, drop the window
Workin' with a twenty sack of indo, feelin' good
Stop through the hood, grab the young thugs
And I can't help but reminisce back when we slung drugs, though it's bad
But all we had was our hopes and dreams
Couldn't see unless we learned to slang dope to fiends
As young niggas

[Hook]
He's the kind of G like everybody knows
(As a young nigga)
He's always G'd up, from head to toe
(My memories as a young nigga)
Always got it blown like Al Capone
(Strung nigga)
He's the downest G I've ever known

[Verse 2]
Back in Junior High, when we was barely gettin' by, when daddy died
That's when my momma started gettin' high
My neighborhood was full of drive-bys, couldn't survive
All our homies livin' short lives, I couldn't cry
Told my momma if I did die, just put a blunt in my casket
Let me get my dead homies high
Come follow me throughout my history, it's just
Me against the world stuck in misery; as a young nigga
My only thing was to be paid
Life full of riches avoid snitches cause they shady, back in the days
We always found the time to play
But that's before they taught them gangbangers how to spray
Not just L.A., but in the Bay and in Chicago and even St. Louis
Every stadium that I go, when will they change?
Stuck in the game like a dumb nigga
Remember how it was, to be a young nigga

[Hook]
He's the kind of G like everybody knows
(As a young nigga)
He's always G'd up, from head to toe
(My memories as a young nigga)
Always got it blown like Al Capone
(young nigga)
He's the downest G I've ever known

[Ad-lib]
I'm tellin' you—to be young, have your brains and have every limb and all that—yo, y'all niggas don't know how good you really do got it
Muh'fuckers need to just calm down
And peep what the fuck they wanna do for the rest of the life
'Fore you end your life before you begin your life
You dumb nigga

[Verse 3]
Now that I'm grown, I got my mind on bein' somethin'
Don't wanna be another statistic, out here doin' nuttin
Tryin' to maintain in this dirty game, keep it real
And I will even if it kills me, my Young Niggas
Break away from these dumb niggas
Put down the guns and have some fun nigga, the rest'll come figure
Fame is a fast thang, that gangbangin'
Puttin' niggas in a casket, murdered for hangin'
At the wrong place at the wrong time, no longer livin'
Cause he threw up the wrong sign, and every day
I watch the murder rate increases, and even worse
The epidemic and diseases, what is the future?
The projects lookin' hopeless, where
More and more brothers givin' up and don't care
Sometimes I hate when brothers act up, I hit the weed
And I proceed to blow the track up, for young niggas

[Hook]
He's the kind of G like everybody knows
(for the young niggas)
He's always G'd up, from head to toe
(My memories as a young nigga)
Always got it blown like Al Capone
(this for nigga.., this for the young nigga)
He's the downest G I've ever known
He's the kind of G like everybody knows
He's always G'd up, from head to toe
He always got it blown like Al Capone
He's the downest G I've ever known

[Collision over the last 4 lines]
This go out to the young thugs, the have-nots (you know)
Little bad motherfuckers from the block (that's right)
Them niggas that's thirteen and fourteen
Drivin' Cadillacs, Benzes and shit (I see you boy)
Young motherfuckin' hustlers (make that money boy)
Stay strong nigga
You could be a fuckin' accountant, not a dope dealer
You know what I'm sayin'? (Go to school nigga, go to school)
Fuck around and, you pimpin' out here
You could be a lawyer (really doe)
Niggas gotta get they priorities straight
(Don't see Johnny Cochran out in this motherfucker)
Really doe.. Young Niggas.. little RahRah
(sup nigga) Especially my little cousins don't be no dumb guy
(Don't be a dumb nigga, listen, young niggas)
